Aug 1, 2014
GoldenEye, Perfect Dark, Body Harvest, Dark Rift, Mario Kart 64
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47906825
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47906756
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47906660
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47906955
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/47906574
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kFASb8BI4sc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dr2XcdZ7ge0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWT6JXhwar4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T0bBVi27qUM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-IIHUSkBoU
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/495347750326636544

[Part I]
let me say it oh yeah there we go
Wow all right oh cool officially welcome
to the stream everybody thanks oh let me
turn on the n64 music again
oh yeah can you guys hear James Bond and
us talking that's the important question
or is everything messed up in the world
what what I can't get you talking you
hear anybody
hello dear write those out all day you
remember their soul I know I know I know
son I know I don't get what remove
polygons not gonna happen even know what
you guys are talking this is an n64 game
there's nothing but polygons and blur
it's the ugliest game imaginable so yeah
we'll wait
well we're going to show up and now
we're gonna play some love a fuckin
golden I am are you playing no else does
that I mean I pretty good I'm not gonna
yeah it's nothing look that shit man in
many years
this was definitely the n64 was
definitely post-collegiate time DJ had
one when when he and I were roommates
with the with the rotating third
roommate whoever it was at the time
played a lot of this back then I didn't
drink back then so you just played
Goldeneye yeah time wasted yeah yeah I
mean I played this shit out of Goldeneye
yeah we had 964 and and yeah me and
three roommates this is what we did
mm-hmm
I was too busy playing point to image
which I enjoy sure more nearly everyone
oh sure sure that's one there were a
baby those of us who do not have a
computer good enough to play wait you
know what this does have those then the
location damage oh yeah
red spots yeah is uh someone wants to
know is Josh a gamer no nobody would be
in Jack when we telling you guys no just
me and Jack yeah this this is this is
what it took to get me in here and I
remember I remember jack and I talking
about this when you were talking about
just just before the first pilot and
getting it all set up and like you know
if you guys bust it down to like Atari
games or vintage arcade games I'm there
um but this is about as far as I went I
am NOT the video game person left on one
second dictor birthday boy no no mustard
is terrible know what I hate mustard
what mustard is although mustard is
fantastic mustard makes me want to throw
up oh come on he's making a joke dude a
PC I know yeah I know I don't like the
comparison no offended haha my mustard
your friend if I must you angry about
mustard I foul
I I would say there's things foods I
dislike yeah muster times I would
actually say I despise Wow
you guys you hear it here first Wow rich
to spy system like not even I'd like do
you like do you like brats like hot
mustard out of back I don't like it
anything like it look like I like one Oh
like a grand jurors know a grainy spicy
mustard here's here's a sec my
girlfriend
she she insisted that I just never had
good mustard right
could you show you are these I could are
you know there's no one years and years
ago she took like it's like literally a
drop of Grey Poupon
tip of a spoon to try this uh-huh I
tried it i gagged for five fucking
minutes
Wow are you allergic to mustard no I
just despise it it's awful okay listen I
just flies mustard I'm very sorry I I
don't like pickles and I don't think
ketchup deserves of anywhere new cheese
so that's why I just Everman I don't
Mike you forgot plain just because it's
easier yeah because we've talked about
that where it's also allows you to get
if you're doing like a fast-food burger
get to your pressure burger no sure cuz
it's not you know the kidding ham
they don't make it like that I you know
what I prefer on my fast-food burgers is
mom mustard and onions only like no
ketchup I'm not a big fan of kit but and
I know guys this is a really interesting
topic seriously controversy so make sure
to LIKE subscribe but I vote the mustard
conversation yes please we're traveling
with your mustardy opinions they're
bridge ends he of the shitty opinion oh
fuck you yeah
okay I know I got an audience and you
don't take your fucking the mustard love
else well I just don't I never
understood ketchup so anger sugarpaste
no it's not it's intuitive it is it is
tomato and vinegar based with you in
some sugar and some salt
yeah actually this solves more burden
than the sugar because there's a natural
sweetness in tomatoes but catch is not
ketchup is reserved for unusually bland
french fries Wow that's the only time I
ever got ketchup dick the birthday boy
has a really good question will there be
any gaming in this condiment stream
mouth well the only way that got me here
was the promise that we wouldn't
actually play in a game that we were
just talking about condiments I actually
had I had I was exposing my opinion on
a1 sauce on my Twitter earlier this week
I actually was what's your name buddy I
love a 1 sauce but I also like a good
steak yeah and they want to you know if
you put a 1 on a good steak you're
wasting it absolutely so it's just like
I don't want to get bad steak and then
but I like a 1 and it's a conundrum
this was my problem with any sort of
steak sauce is why because steak sauce
is there to cover up a bad steak and so
just why have a bad steak in first place
you're listening to condiment toys NPR
yeah um but I honestly like the taste of
a1 sauce I don't think it's spoiling
anything to say that Jesse puts on her
eggs she does and that blew my mind well
fucking bed what yep very we were having
dinner out I can't remember is me
investing Jamie I can't remember a 1
sauce on your egg a one sauce and hot
sauce you know you know what's in your
most delicious
dad delicious sour cream on fries sour
cream on fries yeah Sam we're good but I
think again a bit sour cream on a lot of
baked potato you put sour cream on
pierogies so guess what sour cream and
fries that goes together like like like
like like playing a game Oh uh-oh are we
doing the single-player first or what
since all fuck single-player let's start
about a four player now I'm I am trained
on the mouse and the keyboard so I'm
gonna be flat-out awful okay great I
really like that okay so three players
I'm Ariel
or mole which I can't remember what the
scenario differences are going on twice
normal noise we're all trying to kill
each other
that's why would we ah level oh you'll
figure it out go get it Oh random to few
a.m. random random adapter
I musta mom strength yeah you a mayor
you're you're up and down
oh that's well that's weeks only this
isn't this is motion this is moving and
this is view I don't remember
okay I don't get you'll get it ah 10
minutes is probably fine weapons uh
let's keep it simple let's go with
pistols his rockets can kind of fuck off
a little bit until we don't we just
start yeah are tired of everything haha
we will pick our characters oh man who
are you gonna be are you gonna be Boris
I want to be on Cummings cuz doesn't
well oh you're on your own yeah I
haven't figured it yeah I don't know who
you is what is this Steiner real I'm
gonna be Valentin Oh gonna be a little
robbie coltrane wanna um okay health
normal everybody's got a press and and
oh I'm pressing wrong a desert press a
good is here okay control style
we haven't unlocked on odd-job what are
these things we didn't odds press a go
to the honey and press a I don't know
what that is sign on auto am on yes sure
whirls the darkness start this via here
we go go boy okay alright
why is my egg cut shoots oh this is
horrible
you're all relaxed what wait what doing
good why is your gun why is this so slow
cuz that's the game other yeah
oh I have my slapper does that help uh
you can slap people with it
think you Prezi you press a to get your
gun do you pick up your gun yeah pick up
a gun yeah where it's in the room it's
on the floor
yeah wow this is coming back to me
pretty quickly Hey oh you press the
shoot but that's rigor hey I it's it's
weird playing it on a TV like this ha ha
ha that is that is all I'm body armor it
looks because we're playing it on a HD
TV it looks significantly more it is
terrible ok career no you got Ohioan who
wants all you guys Jack just died Jack
is in the top right corner Josh in the
top left corner riches in the bottom man
I'm still pretty good at this huh that's
right no um booze Bellanca co-op maybe
oppressed are welcome here I'm gonna
slap the shit on him feel like I'm stuck
in molasses listen this is this is awful
this is the answer people love this game
no well we love it because it was all we
had
I'll I certainly loved it at the time
yeah if we if you didn't have a computer
oh my god where am I
I mean I'm a basement if you didn't have
a computer hey this is this is the only
way you could do a multiplayer
first-person shooter sure if someone is
going to correct who body armor body
armor where am I and where are you
that's I'm a little confused by them oh
there's a little map you guys is a
little map in the top right corner
oh and betta stuff I opened a door y'all
yes that's that's making more sense to
me there are hidden doors I'll gather
hidden doors fuck well I mean not
exactly well enough audio I'm a shooter
motherfucker crazy in the Facebook okay
now oh yeah I was just in the base with
yo fucking daughter within here so much
do you know what is this Magnum bullets
Magnum bullets give it up for Magnum
bullets no thank you
I'm picking up like shit tons of am oh
there we go
there's some fuckin ball yeah okay I
don't have a gun oh I would recommend
getting you where is gun is there on the
floor why don't you start with a fucking
pistol cuz you have to find a gun this
is retarded it's not in the room where I
spawned Oh should be again close to you
okay here we go I'm coming for you jab
yeah yeah yeah
you're screaming those restraining
the most Awkward strafing ever oh I shot
you like eight times that body armor Oh
ash body armor J closes I am I'm pretty
damaged that's right the good that you
could set it to a different you can give
it died certain amount of times and be
done how is this just a free-for-all
this needs for ten minutes okay it's
nonstop ten minutes non-stop ten minutes
let's go let's go let's go
Oh see we go I'm down and then it's yeah
I think it's a total of how many times
you die
get out of here
yeah it's making it really tough to like
get you see the stuff that's on the
floor you have conveyed Oh didn't get
you it's gonna get okay you know what
slackers yeah this clever Oh laughter
you straight to death son slap you you
ain't got nothing on these left Brazil
hi
hi now we're gonna have to judge all
come come for me okay gotta go for the
secret door which is not at all a secret
where are you where am I that's what I'm
ass I'm asking to do this is awful oh I
guess what I mean is this is my new
favorite game I'm done yeah all right
I'm done through the night oh oh my god
we can do some single-player campaigns
I'm gonna go play quake mmm bring it
you can play quake one day compute some
glass okay are you guys this is the
ugliest game this is via in the world
look at these walls
everybody is there one good-looking game
on the Nintendo 64 one no idea played
like two games on this ever and we have
them both named na straight straight and
coming back and straight that's hey I'm
good that's all I'm doing straining oh
fuck my plan my first plan didn't work I
you're playing this for shit jack ha ha
ha oh yeah we will definitely do a
rocket-launcher turn oh sure
this is just all right is there a button
to run ah you just push you push up
quickly
and it doesn't really push forward more
yeah but if you push it all the way up a
little move a little faster oh no that's
not me
I'm quite efficient - can't hit you can
good happen
ah the one thing I'm really not gaining
back that I used to have is a sense of
where I am and I used to know these oh
yeah I used to know this stuff well
enough to have an idea just like okay so
I go here and then I go to this thing
and nope oh yeah I mean I remember
memorizing all of the little bullet like
all the weapon drops getting up to the
other levels one level can't you I go to
grace
I think don't go to hallway it's easy
money
come here clear no karate chappie why
are you down my car dumped you like
eight times
yah-hoo apathetic one says the n64 had
one of the weakest libraries of any
console
maybe yeah just barely huh yeah maybe I
don't know it was you
considered to be a good game like I know
it's good shit something that controls
well I think would be my definition of a
good game well like it's getting some
shit lately but I still like ocarina and
I still like Mario 64 was a good game
I'm exactly as sin but it's a good game
ah smash brothers starfox motherfucks
starfox starfox I remember starfox
looking good Star Fox 64 is brilliant
game feel like I'm steering a bulldozer
our ice Rick ah
oh wait I remember something
like a name Duane's better it's gonna be
you you hit me running away
oh no that's really stupid I wasn't a
karate champion you can't do it oh
that's dumb that I really hit that
that's just Tom what do you even Presta
crunch ow
uh oh you press the a button to get rid
of your weapon yeah if not have anything
in your hands and then you're present in
your on your Friday job which is useful
knowledge when we do slappers only which
we will have to do as that it's fucking
fun
we're about your sister Emily
hey hey hey you ain't got nothin cut you
guys out see you in the head
motherfucker
Oh games are all right sake my first
redeeming second M Jack came in third
that's good work good work thanks
everybody yeah okay starting yeah okay
and that's the street and all right good
night mr. Rai - thank you so much for
coming out
okay so that's a plain old regular
regular stylee so now let's start
fucking around
um yes John Kela we would describe this
drive these controls as awkward hopeful
quite see the awkward supercut yes it's
meant a second um you only live twice as
something you died twice and you're done
the man with the Golden Gun is the one
that if you get the Golden Gun you can
kill anybody instantly license to kill
is any hit is fatal and so the fun thing
there is to do license to kill with
slappers let's definitely do that
and try that yeah let's do that let's do
license to kill with slappers only and
then we'll do do rocket launchers next
okay I pick different level sure
on their proximity mines and all sorts
of things you haven't fucked around with
you hey don't be shitting on the
gamecube gamecube we've had some are we
all still comfortable with our
characters ah Elvis delvis um we have
emoticons you get to use them
oh nothing doesn't look it up I forget
how you do it but you have to type in a
thing and then you type in another thing
you're good it gives you more account
it's pretty cool
I'm gonna be fucking bond I'm gonna slap
some Chin's bla bla bla bla bla Blee why
do people hit the gamecube I don't know
well this is the same level Oh a lot of
people there was a lot of hate for the
Gamecube uh and I thought it had
specifically specifically Mario Sunshine
Oh everyone hates Mario some time with
high goals - Mario Sunshine was great
oh what's that slap come here you come
here I'm kind of socking we that's
that's what the fun is you're so close
oh that was fantastic
that was weird
oh I'll project you got it thank you
forgot I'm reading the chat time thank
you for the ticket
to do pasta
you know I try to run away yeah wind
waker mario sunshine Luigi's Mansion is
a great game that I think does not get
is enough love as far as I'm concerned
again it's not brothers Mario Kart
Double Dash is a great Mario Kart game
ah there were so many good ok come here
oh we're really good at that you know
how they say when women spend time
together they synchronize their monthly
time that's nothing maybe we've
synchronized our finger puppets do you
feel weird ding dongs slap a bitches oh
I can't someone without dying it could
work I mean really proud of this oh you
can't hate this game work oh fuck you
this is just a goofy they were just
tonight no kill you for being goofy
Metroid Prime we don't have to stick
Australia Metroid Prime is a great game
thank you
there's a ton of great game queue we can
do you lose points for having died I'm
shoe man that no no it's just that how
many times can you kill the other people
the most I am terrible apparently
straight straight sticks too tall
I really wish there was it like at the
fourth window would show just an overall
sound of this because that would be
fantastic just three people running at
each other
Chaffin come here no you sign up okay
okay no oh fucking hell no you I don't
want I don't know Tosh and I do we get
each other did rich get one of us I
don't even know oh this game does not
have spikes no we just gotta learn about
it wish game Metroid if anyone that
feels like shooting out Metroid Prime
you get the fuck out of history Metroid
Prime move everybody should have Metroid
Prime great game I haven't I haven't
seen it and I just see someone saying
like oh I see it oh I can't jump down
why can't I jump down that's I had to
see him anticipate okay am i keep
missing why am I missing okay come here
Biddy
maybe this doors locked damn it ah Jeff
well we just keep killing constantly
Josh this is strategy
okay run from Josh we can but we can
just gang up on Josh and not kill each
other what's your lucky
yeah are you that was a fine you both
got bitch is true I'm gonna get my glass
room
oh my god I got you slept last fuck your
ass
Oh sticky I'm a spine I'm a spine
running away I'm running away that's my
bathroom lipless no oh I was Team
Fortress 2
oh you don't you guys honestly the
double kills I don't remember the double
kill oh you're both getting close range
we're both laughing yeah the shaky Jack
and Rachel ah
oh yeah yes I missed primal says Josh
before you shaved whose beard would win
in a fight
yours are James I love the just beards
guys they're out of our faces no such
thing it's just it's it's tough because
Josh I think I think what it's a
question of is like um like a trained
fighter versus of bear yeah I had I had
primal power yeah josh is the raw animal
power whereas Jay Mohr has like a like a
cut and sharpen oh geez oh no we died on
top of each other oh no oh you disappear
go running away from the ghosts okay
slack but anyway I would I would not
like to suggest the James Beard in my
beard or anything but friendly I've
heard him talk I've heard otherwise
I've heard your beard beard stuck I do
shit jack what you're scaring me it's
true
yeah Jay has the GQ beer absolutely
that's true
I'm sure Jay takes time to oh man he
rates his beard and Josh it has so much
animal power just in Josh binder that it
comes out of his beard oh why can't a
good panel you saw it it's cuz I said
fine
here I'll watch I'll watch the fight
from over here well Oh what just
disappear again
how is this cream everybody ha ha ha oh
this is fun right fine it's fun I'm
having fun I'm having fun this is this
game this is it's this is one of those
wonderful nostalgia trip how do I get
down
it's a wonderful nostalgia trip because
this is a game that I thought was
amazing when it came out
and now it's so obviously not but I
remember I mean I have so many hours in
stand oh my god yeah came out our
runways I'm ready Jesus Christ
Oh stay back
bigotech dear Lord
gotcha ah you can't be my tactics I'm
running away
ooh mad tactics you know mad mad James
Bond tactics oh hey are you in the
hallway stuff oh yeah ha so much slapper
bars oh oh
my AK I'm sorry Maya came here for the
mustard discussions oh hey listen listen
we can still talk about a1 sauce I you
know a 1 sauce barbecue sauce in general
really I've never much cared for
you're not like wings ribs wings ribs
nothing if there's like I enjoy wings
and ribs but not barbecue sauce Wow
barbecue sauce is vile
yeah I don't even Edwards anymore for
that just vinegar knows like well first
off that's not a problem for me because
I fucking love vinegar pan there you go
vinegar chips saw them on the mouth the
water is right yeah can't can't take my
tactics
amad spy tactics killing spree
dominating that's a quake right oh wait
a minute came in last place and Ellen
there at meet a dead parrot Harris okay
different level yeah not instant kill
and rocket launchers complex uh regular
yeah now the other thing is we can
change it to the active 5 points 10
points 20 points
oh sure let's do let's do five points
okay so that's quick yeah quick one
rocket rocket rocket also what enjoy
doing a quick one with uh proximity
mines because those are fun oh yeah yeah
what kind of magnet doesn't like
barbecue sauce and this guy right here
Oh show how show and with you without
you oh yeah over Judy house show rocket
launch air that's funny
rocket launcher rocket launch air that's
fine let's plug it sorry I'm looking at
that joke okay I went to a home and
played missed why would anybody want to
go home and play missed all right we
don't have the rocket lunches right away
okay yeah you gotta get around
put and ammo just keep your mind it's
been
this little rifle
are you guys getting miss you what
happened I don't know I don't have a
weapon
what is jumpin unarmed woman yeah well I
try I did
oh oh you ran up to Vinglish I do in the
face right you killed yourself jack did
I yeah how is that possible uh rocket
came back and got it
son of bitch all right
I don't spawn by where you are in this
one I am it's not any of those so rifle
it's just on the ground yeah you just
got a runner entity clients all right so
fine so we're you killed
it's come back here to you that would be
stupid
haha why would I do stupid oh oh right
just be good question Oh still this much
oh yeah this is a seeker right yeah duty
oh I'm diehard up in this do - - - - did
you do do do do body you're a dad I'm a
bad bad a bad but better better mo
killin
I got dumped dumped to go oh we go yeah
great silent are you so bad a lot did
you die it didn't kill me where are you
not only only we'll have a way to kill
someone stop
you don't know I bought him hate so much
you said you should something was that
bad
ah it's pretty bad no it's I mean but
it's like like when you're saying at the
time at the time I was playing better
games on the PC right I was right behind
you
Oh
fuck away cuz then you died oh well you
know sometimes let's forget it
hedge it oh ah - here vinegar I do like
salt vinegar chips actually I like
something okay I like a girl it's use it
in I use it about as much as I use
garlic which is to say it not
ah that's hair hey what's down there
little kick
look okay Fieldy Slappy's I wanna go
away
keep your distance I didn't have a gun I
can do like defend myself with jujitsu
oh oh oh dear oh rich quit being a hack
fraud and say something
um I'm it takes all of my concentration
to use these poor controls going the
wall over here
Oh what the fuck let's pull you up for
the fuck of it fuck fuck jack fuck hey
you guys like that sanic and knackles
game that they're cool you know I've
never played that particular one sanic
and apples are you talking about a
Macklemore makam look so what you're
talking about
um Elvis - Elvis gave me some great
advice I need to remove Kelvin you're
absolutely right
Elvis Elvis remove remove skeleton what
does that mean um it's a way to get
better at games
if you remove skeleton you can move
faster general
it's also paint people started saying in
the streets and
oh I emptied the clip on you and you're
still alive
and he put them at you on your still hot
fucking fuck fuck fuck bitch what
it's not what what do you I say oh my AG
has some great advice for your rich yeah
I you need to hunker down I wish I could
i missus hunkering down oh I like I like
tactics and nod ice-skating whoa
this game is like ice skating well what
do you want good see that's how you do a
rocket launcher yeah oh yeah we need to
rocket more people
yeah I'm trying listen pruney toes I
will try to stop sucking ah it's fine
he's not gonna happen
oh she is right where is that coming
from using a good question search these
a good point that Rockets how much
meteors our rocket launcher around here
somewhere right
yes Oh someone's gonna die
it's probably gonna be me oh no it's
rich
you get out of your telephone my rocks
can't get the Rockies I can't get all
Rockets son
oh I had I have at least two Broncos hey
don't step up in the head sister that's
all that is I'm trying to try to talk
big so you don't see my blog your bar
okay don't see my blade your blade
you'll see miss you come to class
oh you got nothing you till you tag me
with the with the rocket yeah I got out
of the way pretty quick yeah that's
fucking right I did
Ted tags you good who Rockets boomer
office oh no rockets
none of us unlike E my rackets your
rickets
oh my Rankin and the rickets why where
your fuck is everybody
oh right here hi know what Oh Rick is uh
I forget
yeah rocket launching for the wind is
what happen fun with this
doing alright guys this is good fun are
they saying step in the stream I don't
use pine resin yo okay hi members when
we played a game called Dark Souls
there's apparently many means o souls
game God and people now tell us Dark
Souls things right ah oops
okay okay now you know and you can't
camp in this game you know you got to do
you don't you gotta do you gotta get in
there oh you're right in there I'm
getting in there
I am I'll only serve you for so long you
know
ah well you should learn about getting
in here ya know know about the campus
not camping wait I lost who is this what
are you people doing here
where am I let's let exploded okay I
pick it I want three rocket Betsy
unsuccessfully at me yeah
where are you okay yeah I finally got
you know I got real rich you're rich I
wasn't me that's that's oh I was firing
at rich yes you were oh oh that was a
question sorry I asked a question I was
firing at rich yes that's how that was
supposed to work all right good getting
out of here cuz you know why I'm getting
in there that's what you get gentlemen
in you don't know what to get now that's
what I always say
I say you gotta get on with the game
never heard you say that I say it
literally all the time oh I just
remembered something I had to do okay
your life yeah okay well you guys can
keep yeah okay I'm gonna do
thank you killing you guys Oh slam today
you fuck all you have to do is say hey
could you pause it when I'm done it
would have done it for you pause and see
it's worth it cuz now rich is having a
good time the noise is poor Jane Fonda's
making up look stage forever I know
probably got Bobby I'm around yeah you
finally kill me yeah that's look like 10
minutes constant slapping okay business
business done business done nobody close
where are you know rich
and some very important business
kasher oh oh
either I can either rocket get a rocket
get or I can get a runny - right
rocket doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
deee okay fuck fuck fuck
running running strafing some of you
terminated its everyday we get you I'm
gonna get you oh okay okay
rip Elmer regular patina render what
anyway
oh yeah see you don't even know where I
am dude I could be right fine
what you going cuz you have to die no ha
ha ok very first rich will happens when
you spend all that time
slapping James Lana I want a one anyway
that's 5 bit 3 yeah I'm just saying this
good for you haha alright uh what's
happening uh I don't know I'm reading or
doing it um what are you talking about
yeah you get that if you subscribe you
get a pizza roll
no you got a pizza roll next to your
name and then you can use the Showbiz
Pizza bear and the other emoticon oh my
god and when or if we play XCOM against
you you get a character named after
yourself
which Jack will probably kill yeah so
yeah no there you go
let's see here well yeah I'm gonna play
a real game now
hunker resin we don't have real games
we're playing at 64 today Oh Jack in
your opinion is this game uglier than
doom
yes and I've ad month I love the sprites
in Douma you hate doom no you know what
I love the sprites but it's an ugly game
like though all the walls are brown and
the floors orange animus primal I will
sign your poster but did you order it
already
um how many months of attended not many
thanks I'm here there's something in
that it needs to be signed oh sorry
oh there might be it oh there is opposed
to them okay this is the first time Josh
better in a while so yeah it's a little
bit yeah yeah I'll sign it don't care
it's mine sign anything case we're gonna
see it can hit start ginger can you do
that
oh sorry what is it possibly I was
reading good for the jam ah okay uh I
don't wanna do proximity mines why don't
owe her yeah I'll do proximity mine and
then we can move on so have you played
any of the source port some do know
didn't people people update that game
yeah I like fans yeah Oh every I like I
like the source engine I'm familiar with
the source engine so
I know there's one called doomsday that
prettied it up a bit
okay I'm gonna switch you know I won
that last one so I'm gonna be James Bond
now sure okay yeah I'm gonna be Myshkin
I don't even remember who Michigan
wanted so say he was the Russian wasn't
me I don't fucking know the name like
that he probably was sure I guess
okay so you gotta go yeah what when we
play now uh proximity buying oh I did I
did look into adding smirking Jesus as a
motor motor come on uh it's too it's too
complicated you guys we're gonna get it
I'm gonna add a new face and a buck on
we're still playing the best father here
yeah and Jack is in the top right corner
josh is in the top left corner riches in
the bottom of fuck pine tar no odd job I
think that's what we'll do next is we'll
just play a little bit of the
single-player mission to unlock ah yeah
oh sure
do we need to win the whole game to
unlock on job I don't remember I don't
this is just a scan of his eye he's
short and that that can be that can
definitely be an advantage ah
and especially for slackers on my also
think we should check
we might be if there might be because
this game had been played before we
might have a different level where odd
job has been unlocked oh yeah let's
check that kill streak - you haven't
killed chica - yeah - true
troopers the trooper the trooper trooper
luck you did you were nominee wasn't you
before the chip who's real yeah well not
the tuber but don't forget that Cooper
is actually cheaper did we do that for
an episode no not yet oh oh not yet oh I
want to I want to do it right that a sec
little episode I love him so much
dad I like doing yoga we haven't seen I
like that but now that one's too good
rich and I know I know and the thing is
we also have a lot of Steckler movies
that we haven't seen and he was very
prolific oh there any kind of health
packs this game does it reaches bot just
the body over buddy I'm we're kind of
acts like a fact when you get hit
there's the blue bar and the AH and the
red bar the blue bar is your armor and
the red bar is your health the red bar
only goes down if the blue bar goes so
theoretically
you could have
keep getting dryer
I'll finally killed someone almost I
didn't I did it this is oh this is so
ugly casual bridge wants a whole pack
what's wrong with wanting a health
health packs oh that's mine haha I have
yet to get anyway - I have a ton of
sugar people much more fun what I have
plenty of guns listen listen to the Mad
Bomber here good the Mad Bomber with
bombs at midnight midnight member
whatboundaries minute that's what it is
do this and I say I say yeah maybe here
you hear the right kind of crazy for me
baby
man my romantic midnight baby oh yeah I
mean that mama what bombs at midnight
greatest hair dude
techno you guys gonna watch the ticket
no I'm not done fixed at ya
ah when bombs be yo where the bombs beat
we're gonna make horns I'm gonna get me
of that one can we keep failing to fund
the downstairs I don't there's an
upstairs that's where I am isn't it I
have yet to be upstairs escapes
electrons like crap yeah it's pretty bad
no how do i how do i oh oh hey hey home
stairs
knocking finally ok now it's time to oh
that almost killed me
vacuum ha ha ha and thank you oh and I
won five seven pounds are great um so
yeah let's hey ho asshole just
subscribed thanks o ass ok that's a
great name Mario Kart Wii U's still $40
I can explain that it's a great game so
done
dupa dupa do just taking some time to
band some users everybody just ban into
music hey don't you worry about nothing
let's ping a bit oh we're not gonna talk
about that yet oh let's see yeah I have
not played don't starve I hear really
good things about don't start guardians
of the galaxy
yeah we don't talk nothing no saving
yeah alright alright exams in I'm sure
Mike and Jay will have something to say
mine well not not tonight no we'll wait
oh all right it's very good wants to be
Bend should ban him you want Barry Fred
one sees money we can make that happen
you do not joking if you're excited
about the I mean I'm good about the
event no lots of people asking to get
banned all right yes sir having a good
time yeah it likes to throw the ban
hammer down it's true well you know and
you guys know what to do if you want to
get past it
easy cuz cuz I have intense about
guardians of the galaxy I do we do
I don't we might have to save them for
next week I'll just real quick okay
flawed uh-huh but fun okay I want to see
character wine nice these are not
alright unlocked okay um
Jack: Oh, should we talk about that...Josh?
Josh: Hm?
Jack: Should we talk about...
Josh: Oh...yeah. I mean, I have a, I have a nickname. It's Wizard. It's, it's not that exciting a story. I've just had it for a really long time.
Jack: People have asked us in the stream before. And our answer is always, because he's a wizard.
Josh: Yeah.
Jack: And so, but we, I, I don't know why you're called The Wizard. I just call you Josh, cuz...
Josh: It's okay. It's just a nickname that I've had for a really long time that just was, you know, something that stuck with me. I don't really give a shit about explaining where it came from, cuz the story's not that great. It's not that exciting. It's not gonna be, like, aha, now I know it. It's, you're gonna know it, and then that's it. Like, it's not fun. Um, it's fun if you know the people that are involved, and I promise, you don't. So, it's not that exciting, so just accept that it's a nickname I have. It's not a big deal, and don't worry about it.
Jack: There you go.
Josh: And it's a nickname I still use because people repeatedly call me it.
name at the gaya Shannon branch
um Josh where did you get that robot
capturing oh uh that we actually oh here
we go oh here we go oh forgot some odd
jobs and some jobs and stuff some stuff
uh we actually actually had that made um
there wait we had the design Chloe her
friend Chloe made that design and I
thought it was really good and I know
I'm not a virgin you idiots um I had her
send that to me and then I had a friend
of mine in Detroit
who's a really good guy who's uh oh god
I'm gonna have to think of this company
I feel that it's a wizard because he
made it magically made his virginity
disappear into a vagina Wow
ha ha ha that's right
I made my virginity disappear into a
Virginia he waved his magic wand over
and over again and then and then
something appeared I'm sorry that's way
better than my women in the actual story
so I'm not rolling with it it's good
anyway we only made 10 of them um so
it's not anything that you can purchase
anywhere it's a special fun thing that
we have then right we get to lord over
you I guess very few people have the
special fun teacher here because we're
part of a cool Club and it's the club is
called the cool the cool people calm
private I've I've had to yes I got I got
the shirt right and I had foolishly
worked the studio yeah and I was
painting something in back and I just
just real quick I didn't realize and I
the can pointed the wrong way I just
picked up ah just that I was just gonna
give some a quick spurt and I sprayed it
right on the shirt and you can media
farcical II sprayed yourself with a
backwards yes yes just thinking about
the the physical comedy of that affected
if it was a bit that was filmed it would
have been very ever happy honey but as
it turned out I had another shirt being
Richard sighs so marriage has it and
everything's hunky-dory again um yes
it's that same Chloe Chloe is on the
message board she draws a lot of funny
pictures yeah she's very talented artist
ah
I don't know they're making vagina too
high okay Oh rich for character Regina
Jo my sister didn't thumb
I hate proximity months okay richness
your do lasers we can do whatever you do
laser you know we've talked about books
before I don't know if I've mentioned it
on a stream yet I just read wool
have you read hey I got red wool wool is
a is a collection of self publics it's
like a collection of six short books
that was self-published online only and
it became such a big online phenomena
then they actually published physical
books and I believe there's a movie
option it is an amazing real fennely
waiting for some of head start uh I was
talking I didn't want too much time
while we playing it's all gone oh yeah
so I think I wanted everybody to be
paying attention hours oh uh wool
post-apocalyptic world that takes place
in a giant silo so the humans of with
your live in a giant silo and the
majority of the time is just spent
walking up and down the steps of the
hundreds and hundreds of floors it's
brilliant so people just walking around
makes for a compelling book
yeah I'll trust you though it does well
I mean Lord of the Rings y'all oh if you
find that compelling well well yeah and
it's you know it's a little bit about
it's like it's got a little a little bit
of a mystery element to it ton of great
sci-fi stuff really really neat
but you get the laser it was it was one
of those books that I started reading
and then decided to take an entire day
off of work just to finish me
well I mean not lucky me just because I
had to work extra hard the second day
well no let's still which lucky you need
to take off them what they work in true
that is yeah when you kill me by
slapping aren't you I'm gonna try I'm
the the great and terrible thing about
working for yourself is you can choose
what days off you have the terrible
thing is you never choose a day off
because you always have to work
I guess you forget you ever read the
name Greg sister book about Tommy Wiseau
and all the disaster or disaster artist
fantastic I really enjoyed that book I
mean the thing is that oh Jesus Christ
fucking later the thing is probably
that's it I that the story of Tommy is
so much more interesting than the movie
the room the room is is always
interesting
there definitely interesting but the
thing is the room is is sort of a fixed
object you see once you kind of get it
when you read the story of Tommy Wiseau
there is so much more that you don't
know that you just scream okay I think
that was a part of the rooms charm
though who's Tommy like having you
knowing that he was the writer/director
star yeah I'm I'm just killing it here
okay well you have the laser the laser
is fantastic dude and so uh you know
much like our love for Len once we
started watching Len movies like him
being the visionary was part of our love
you know sure um a club ooh I got a clam
clan
I got a club at play so disaster is you
recommend yes fuck fuck fuck fuck
oh I danced five kills I didn't dance we
ha ha Monisha last opera house down to
one help I mean yeah there you go um the
controls still sucked by the way I'm not
enjoying I am enjoying this but I don't
I don't like this game down that's
because I'm winning that's fine
um but yeah just Tommy was so is such an
interesting person and there's a lot you
know it that book very interestingly
doesn't um the more you learn about
Tommy the more questions you have it's
really just my weight if that's true
then uh huh and yeah it's a very good
read okay that's good it's always nice
yeah um so we did that anything else you
wanna fuck around with um you know we've
been at it for an hour let's take a
break okay cool
hey guys we're gonna take a little water
break I'm gonna run a commercial it's
gonna be super fun that's priming this
that could be fun but I'm gonna need
these things and then we will talk more
about condiments and books while we
finish Orton's we'll get

[Part II]
perfect dark uh but Joshua that existing
Josh has taken over the reins and Josh
is checking the chat so if you guys want
to ask Josh specific questions please do
so Josh anyone with a pizza roll next to
their name is a subscriber so pay more
attention to them okay
all rich this is a second player your
own well and I mean no this is a
two-player game or backer
it's all fine it's all fine okay okay
don't worry you're gonna see black for a
little bit but you should still hear us
hmm
what's my favorite trauma movie I'll
probably try Oh mio and Juliet I guess
um charge' kabuki man I always really
enjoyed
Sassie rich we already covered it I'm
sorry you didn't hear that
what's sassy what what do they call you
the wizard Oh been there done that
I have way too many fucking favourite
films I can't go into it it's gonna go
on forever
Wow um do you need that I don't know
we're you know what we're gonna find out
who is Josh me I'm Josh hi oh hey real
ah Josh what's your opinion I'm
guardians of the galaxy never seen it
yeah go give your opinions at it yeah
haven't seen it oh god no just make
something up was uh trite who can take
pedantic happenin thank you right that
would be um dick the birthday boy what's
internet superstar which I haven't like
in real life like rich Evans you like
handing away all the tenants where I'm
like yeah which is like wrench all the
time um kind of depressed most all the
time yeah I understand I'm just I'm just
waiting for death aren't we all
yeah but some of us enthusiastically
more more enthusiastically than others
okay
love Robin up love oh what's it which
are ancient name be Oh God forget Clark
gorg Oh what was like meeting Lenin
discovering he's actually a really nice
guy ask stop mutation it was great
lens a really nice guy hahaha we got a
really had a really fun it was a really
fun night I I wasn't here for the whole
time but I got to come along later later
on and we got to we got talking metal
bands which was good lens a lens a big
metal fan and I I am uh no no Jack Clark
with a K God god damn it
Oh rich nothing ever goes right you're
all right I'm sorry I'm sorry I
should've lunatic alright let's see uh
Harry Fed asks will we see more of Josh
investor the worst I'm don't miss a
whole lot of them but I sure try to get
here I work a lot which is unfortunate
but when I get to be here okay that's
great
pork oh yeah okay okay CK it just K okay
okay once again sassy rich cast by the
guard me
just why they call me wizard it's not a
very interesting story just roll with it
it's not an interesting story and
just gonna play for I don't think I've
ever played perfect dirt the last is a
rich in there okay check it out child
bride asks what was the last good
Metallica album and the answer is about
one-quarter of the Black Album nice
I also a lot of people are asking if I
am in space cop and I am NOT
not too late no I suppose I could be in
Fiske up at some point but that's okay
all I know is that if I was in space cop
my character name would be Phil oh my
god
Oh what what's wrong you what are the
control spoon room the fuck is happening
what is going on oh it's just I'm
playing for the first time is somebody
frosted here what is it doing that's
making you go you we have to describe
these things as a fucking gaming stream
I'm sorry um so just moving Oh God
moving feels weird and I moved and it
felt really weird it felt weird enough
where I said you like what's weird about
it is four words really backwards or
something or no no I you know I forgot
that I was playing the n64 for a second
and I pressed forward hoping that I
would look down and now and I moved
forward I have no idea where Oh there's
probably probably supposed to go to that
yellow dot oh the hooses kid Megadeth
yes yeah the question is Megadeth that's
my whole question in my response is
Megadeth yes yeah that's a good response
seriously though rust in peace is a
fantastic album it's great when you can
when you connect somebody that's got a
lot of ambitions and some songwriting
experience with a couple of really
awesome jazz players I'm sure anyone is
in the metal is read about this whole
thing with Hardy Freeman being like went
to Japan and is teaching all sorts of
guitar and English and things and all
this blah blah blah um
but those guys Bri fucking fantastic
that record is a stellar sort of
benchmark in crash metal alright yeah
there you go same question Merc yes yes
the answer is that question is yes sure
Bane is a character that does exist I
have no tattoos in multiple mediums
no tattoos no Matt one oh man you're not
hardcore at all if I have one planned I
just have to get it I have no idea what
I'm doing in this game there's a yellow
dot so I'm sure I'm supposed to go to
that yellow dot Oso has asked how I feel
about anthrax anthrax are probably my
favorite of the big four thrash bands
what are the big four thrash bands they
are anthrax Megadeth Metallica and
Slayer okay and anthrax were the most
consistent high level of excellent and I
assure you to like me
them above anthrax oh okay I get them
Elvis delvis I fucking love The Melvins
I don't think they're great spanned ever
because they can be very hit or miss and
they put out way too many records um but
I do love them very much ah mutation I
think Mastodon are
and not my thing so I don't know if I've
heard Mastodon never I've heard of them
I don't know I cannot for the life of me
think of a mastodon song well see that's
not a good time yeah what's the story
here jack do we win this game
yeah oh I have no fucking idea they
haven't told you no this is the first
thing that I'm doing and I don't know
shit I know I don't know shit up top I
dunno it's auto-aim Oh which is mom you
need that for this stupid controller
okay that thing oh yeah well guns that's
cool
now I'm gonna do it I don't know I don't
know I just clicked start game and this
is what I got so fred durst extreme of
color duty right now into his own
channel is he really not like is that
what fred durst does not yes good for
him I guess
gay aliens
yes gay aliens okay yeah you know you
missed your opportunity there you should
have said gaily oh yeah yeah but you
know you drop the ball and I had to pick
it up so Oh Sassie rich I don't have any
particular thoughts on your client Brock
Lesnar but I really do wish you recall
because we'd have a nice discussion
about about wrestling that I can't even
think of right now he's gonna come home
and I'm getting way too way too far into
this on a hanger for the wrestling I I
stopped watching wrestling in the early
nineties I started again recently it's
gotten very interesting again uh you
know y'all for me though the wrestling
history for me mmm I was a kid I loved
the door Hulk Hogan sure and you know
Bobby Heenan Roddy Piper oh I I hated
those men with a passion sure with a
horrible passion recently recently I was
watching some old wrestling videos and I
yeah yeah it's so funny the way that
works yeah I I wasn't in when I was a
kid I wasn't really into it apart from
you know every once in a while thinking
it would be like a Saturday night's main
event or something like that I would see
it but I didn't get real heavy into it
again until post-college
same time was playing Bolton I got way
into wrestling because it was there was
a different sort of surge in it then
dropped off for a while and recently
have kind of gotten into it again just
because I know there are some friends
that I haven't hear that to work at bars
and they get you know that everybody
gets together at the bar and they put on
the pay-per-view and then everybody gets
together and has a good time and I got
kind of back into who's cool and you
know seeing guys like CM Punk that are
just really good wrestlers that worked
really hard to get where they are and
Daniel Bryan and people like that that's
just way more interesting than write it
out you know actors that yeah throw each
other around hmm I don't think there's a
single player mission in this you
serious
what are you doing unless I am messed up
somehow you know what here's what we do
Charlie I'm hitting the reset button all
right hi I remember I was a kid down
there's a WWF like show your wife gosh
our area yep and my parents like we see
it sit near the aisle Hulk Hogan ran by
and I reached my arm out and touched all
Colgan as I ran by and he was sweating
this fog oh yeah yes I just I think I
didn't just like turn around I just like
wipe my hand off
there's worked way up yes it's
disgusting yeah yeah I was glad I got to
see hope and be tend to be us oh yeah
yeah so so this is what happened tonight
choose your reality right so I go to
park which is our new a generic race no
single-player aspects challenge
QuickStart advanced setup audio video
change agent because I did challenges
and that's what I was doing we running
around shooting the yellow girl really
there is no story to perfect start try
everybody in stir your internet chat are
we doing something wrong is there a
story to perfect dark or is this a
multiplayer only wait wait wait
uninstall reinstall it's only
multiplayer without it without what we
need all this tension back take the
thing out we have it we have it I don't
know how are you where you have okay hi
guys it's gonna go dark again everybody
be cool into the controller no plugs in
here
I thought punk on the controller no
doesn't it no it plugs into here sit
okay so you have to have the expansion
packing I've got a plugged into the
control you the expansion pack no plugs
into it yet we have one and I got one
specifically for perfect I swear to God
I thought it wouldn't look controller it
is it a second one what's that yeah the
other way around
okay no no no fucking thing like this a
rumble pack goes in here this that's not
a rumble pack use the same slot alright
I'm unplugging some jams hold on
oh no everything jams hold on everybody
we're trying to learn Nintendo 64 don't
yeah don't get too upset we haven't
played this thing since the 90s
oh you take this out it's not it's not
plugged into the controller it is
plugged into the system I thought I
never used one before I was in the front
and I thought they went into the
controllers yeah I mean I remember that
one Jack Jack does have it plugged in
right I don't you just never been there
no I don't know how to dislodge this guy
what sweat was what seven this is the
old memory John Keeler three pictures
Jack rich and Josh jumping around the
n64 kind of like the Apes in Zoolander
you're not far off
yeah
there's a little 2001 it's it's war yes
more like 2001 because we're using a
bone so are they saying was morteza I
haven't seen cylinder so oh yeah doctor
doesn't one thing dr. Pavel none of that
shit I don't know what that is I don't
like it what any if I see it
whatever goob we got one with a hammer
now that I got my Tullio oh let's see
update drivers reinstall windows
download Adobe done
I thought consoles were supposed to be
easy yeah that yeah this is what happens
when they try to wipe the disk with a
soft clean lint-free cloth oh it's true
here's the thing you're gonna cut this
thing I'm cutting at em performing
surgery on all 64 oh my god you guys
it's hella good I guess and then what
happened is that like nothing is
happening nothing's happening yeah hold
on call space gun
you really really want space cop handle
oh oh tools yeah I can tell you how
space cop would handle this problem and
I wouldn't end well see it wasn't like
that
well what was in there that was the one
that was in the rubber just yeah I guess
like owners in here this is this was
like why did you buy it not put it in
there I just bought it today well then
why don't you put it in before we
started this Oh cuz I was we had
technical issues and so I was dealing
with the technical issues and I didn't
know if it needed it or not okay okay
all right guys how about you take two
seconds to set over pipe I will not
settle down I will not be silent I will
not listen to reason
I will not go doc mando night okay okay
okay okay and
I know Kate you should plug in the other
well I'm just gonna single-player so you
guys can chat about wrestling and shit
Oh detected it was detected y'all
welcome to magic town magic town here we
go
detected everything see I did I used
tools I was better than the monkeys from
2001 did you learn something
nope twenty four kilobytes read okay all
right
or even look hello missions little this
action yeah okay alright alright guys
everything's cool everything's cool gain
entrance to laboratory I hated the
Ultimate Warrior I've come to really not
when I was a kid even when I was a kid
even though I never got him no his stick
was always so stupid he came with a
tools and just like a lot of the best
wrestlers are the ones who did good in
the interviews cuz that's that's really
what's interesting about it's the talk
again oh yeah he just ran out what room
are you gonna be going for the broad and
I'm still packing I hate it you're so
dumb I was seven I knew that was stupid
rich autumn betty be ho Hogan and I just
hated him more and I'm glad he went away
I think they're they're they're I'm
gonna stop just short of saying I'm glad
he's dead you're not I'm not am I
understand how short of that I
understand how he died young because
I'll guess what he had substance issues
and you know he was a wrestler and
wrestlers don't seem to live very long
um but uh I think I would like to say
that there are some promos that he cut
that you have just not seen that are
fantastic I'm prong I doubt it I know I
doubt it but there's there's a level of
insanity there that's just wait what was
he
what was the gimmick he was the ultimate
work well that's not a gimmick this
isn't like a Native American no it was
not he was the warrior yeah he was the
ultimate what kind of warrior
ultimate Macias pardonable air we'll see
ya uh we're just warriors jerec warrior
stupid company has come uh yeah now your
your your I break him below everybody I
rank him below Randy Savage I reckon
before cold and I have bed beneath oh my
god he talked open beneath rowdy ready
ready Pfeiffer beneath King Kong Bundy
boo everybody we have Coco beware
beneath Coco beware to be from Virgil ah
maybe not Virgil alright never think of
uh beneath mr. moto um who not right
don't even know who that is
well Matt uh I mean there's so many guys
better than him out Ric Flair verse the
barber beefcake hike when I was young
like the newer stuff I have no idea
what's going up sure when I was young I
was a huge fan back when I thought it
was real sure and then briefly once I
was older I knew it was fake and they
were doing like that NWO stuff that was
fun for a short while but they obviously
had no fucking idea what they were doing
out in it with that story yeah I lost
interest quickly alright this is all
just everybody yelling wrestling things
each other we scoop set him off yes I
rank him below the Iron Sheik I mean I
really thought the Ultimate Warrior was
terrible honky Tonk Man was better than
ultimate Wow
yes uh I'll take a weird-ass Elvis
impersonator over the Ultimate Warrior
Wow hey I can't I really hated him I
guess alright
oh you're you're in an office building
what's happening um shooting people I
have to break into a laboratory oh
that's why you're an office building
okay this is like a lot oh you can you
call somebody give me a telephone call
oh sure you want me home
ugh don't worry
I know should go I could push a desk oh
you guys this game is revolutionary
what's in that desk around I took the
expansion factor can you shoot out the
window and push it out the window
oh oh we ready for fun time just yeah
hold on you guys this desk needs to be
in this room this to go oh okay
yep no okay I guess I guess it isn't
you're a bad liar jad you're stuck on
the desk you me you what hit desk into a
corner what you're not getting paid you
can't jump over and the game's over
everybody was like perfect I thought
everyone did oh okay not wash that desk
you won the game Jessica's way easier to
move oh that's a bad lady it's weird
that that's lighter it's got the
computer and everything I came from
there
preg on me oh man you can throw your
rifle and make it explode what I wasn't
I wasn't supposed to kill her I'm gonna
crazy
wait you you shut out a window
Oh desk find a desk I'll get this one
okay come before a desk oh my god we
have a very important mission desk go
which did you watch the Hulk Hogan
cartoon show I sure I did but I'm so
young at the time I don't really
much about yeah I did not watch it I
remember it Hulk Hogan's Rock n
wrestling was it none is that sir is
that different one is that the same one
at the only one I remember is Ho
Coleman's rock and wrestling okay so oh
you're done if you killed too many
people Jack I did ah let's try that
again without killing the innocent
people but that's the fun part I saw a
lady and I was dying i guy pulled the
trigger but everyone else I yes
that's your first instinct when I see a
lady oh that's how I met my wife she
does for me
oh it's two of ever since oh wow
marriage yeah what's your you just in a
city do they tell you what's in here
yeah just downtown city okay go back to
downtown city you shoot that helicopter
Elka oh yeah it looks like I might be
Chicago but no oh yeah that's kind of
gone moron panorama Russia how their
initiative
schuiteman building oh this is like
another series down no yeah there's like
two Sears Tower is happening because I
that's not much like this yours together
dish
yeah this is your story is more shapes
turn oh my god you shot whenever the
fuck fellas do you think another one
okay what I better check on his buddy
yep awesome so this is the game cool
just keep happening
I saw something near the bottom you're
just an average ordinary citizen
shooting things bye-bye
oh my god what's all that there's a
heart oh they're flying cars
awesome well what I'm doing is I'm with
her I'm distracting the police we've
always good if all these cars are
blowing up around the city they're gonna
be way too busy investigating oh man all
these shots seem to be coming from that
bowling quick everybody to the building
look okay way these car know they'll
never know they'll figure out the
geographical center antique car shooting
sure but by the time they figure that
help you fuckin gone in person that
u-turn perfect dark in the duck hunt
yeah okay creature all right
see the cops are coming
my plan is working you've summoned the
cops Oh jack
that's great you scamp scamp
yeah scamp that's what's wrong with
scamp I mean your scamp
I mean am i a little rascal there's
something no no you're a scam oh good
darkness you see i'm i'm unit no way to
get that like that like maybe it's an
inventory you have an inventory you have
pine resin made a reference that's got
an inventory transport buttons yeah why
aren't you pressing one of this you look
at Oh see look at that
you're different I'm the Kim's this oh
and the Falcon okay the committee's
video well know that okay it doesn't
like to kind of a similar my gosh
Johnny's dead that's a lie what is that
little eye thing tell me what you need
to know what is that hello friend that's
the that's your portable computer I
think it's beaming the information in
your eye
I know oh yeah that's totally what it's
doing but where does it come from
obviously something at her shoulder her
back beard your left
no it's coming from space
nothing so good okay go wow somebody is
saying what you are is a scuttle
buck-ass cuttlebug I'm not you're a
whippersnapper you guys know what
version happen ever no scam I am a
whippersnapper you need to be a little
bit younger and a little bit more
energetic your troublemaker
today that much shooting all these
people and moving their desks
it's the nozzle that's all nothing deck
you ever watch Venture Brothers no and
delightful it's a delightful show I've
heard good
uh-oh ass hoe I am drinking New Glarus
local yokel which is uh what kind of
beer is this tasty is what uh you were
holding the freshest possible Wisconsin
beer expect this beer to be comfortable
crisp and slightly cloudy it's good I
mean everything that comes from the
glare aside generally enjoy rich where
do babies come from um you need me to
tell you that you got problems yeah yeah
I think I think should ask your mommy
Matt that's not that's not my business
you should you know what you should ask
someone's mommy any mommy
yeah any mommy will no um I
don't suppose there are many daddies
that don't there might be a little
confused yeah they put it on their heads
I have no idea what it says it should
appear you should come here
look it go away this what's happening I
don't know yours what do you think of
this game J what's that glowing wait
wait glowing corner yeah oh no that's
just the lights no no no this looked
different
maybe I'm not thinking this see if
there's a magical is are once again
similar enough flash they'll say that's
like sure fuck her she can't tell you
with your hair no I should I shot her
before and I failed the mission oh can
you threaten her can you punch her I
tried yeah beyond arm to punch her in
the face oh no that one okay ready yeah
there you go
punched in the boob tricked up her
necklace you picked up her necklace that
mean something
how is she oh can you use the computer
what the necklace is a necklace like a
keycard I don't know
nope all right well let's get gun back
and go in there
inhale view their button to fret
Hey oh that's where all can I was a
king's really uh read the doors on sides
so speaking of what's this animated
cartoons that are currently on TV yeah
either if you watched Archer at all oh
yes every episode I just started
watching all and I loved it it is highly
rewarding I just got through it all
actually I'm called yeah oh I love that
I love that show so much
I think I'm caught up on season six
started yet uh no okay no I'm caught up
yeah season five was the one where
everything got crazy and they then they
had to cope came in even though that's
where they got bored of the writers got
bored within secret agents drug cartel
right and country king and country
singer uh country oh yeah that's the
most recent - and it's I love that show
so much everything about it it really if
you haven't seen it out there in that
team lent it's a really the tone of it
really is Arrested Development if it was
a detective agency animated show
I still miss first meeting just show
them yeah but I'm a sucker for anything
john benjamin as well yeah yeah
like frisky dingo you never knew what
the fuck frisky dingo it's hard to
describe that shows what it's about
keeps changing yeah it's an intense
television show Oh see I've been having
this debate in my head over who I like
more as a character Archer or eggs and
recruits oh um I gotta go with Archer
just because they've had more time to
develop these boys a more developed
character but as he is as funny as eggs
and er yes okay yeah hello elevator Hey
oh yeah I think so
let's just go so no it's gone where we
going down
oh we're outside where are we now down
here I'm the best secret agent a vision
isn't one that God we made did you I'm
gonna say this I can drink it I think I
should listen this was a highly this was
a well-liked game yeah tennis court I
just never got a copy
that's sexual Harris me mobile hey why
so are you like a thief or a special
agent - oh I have no idea I thought I
was a spot you trot I don't thing is
games fine yeah oh you're under arrest
see well I should be I've murdered many
people it's true I have I have literally
no idea
I'd be the first person game that
started woman too far as I know oh the
story locked Oh
so he I mean that who the fuck was that
Oh Nicky Nicky jams where's the key jams
its Pamela James
I think I'm doing a great job I think
your date is soon you are I don't know
you hear you uh you're not killing the
people you're not supposed to kill
you're killing the people you're
supposed to kill I don't think you're
getting any speed rumbler
no okay I really dislike how I was
supposed to punch that lady it's like
how would I know that I figured it out
did you figure out or did you read in
the chat no I figured out I took me that
took me two minutes to think about it
jack
that's about two minutes yeah less maybe
I don't know I just looked over like
what's going on oh you can't can't you
can't better I'm gonna do something I
came from upstairs miss Poston - did you
get information from somewhere no one q
liver was there ever start the thing
that tells you what to do gain entrance
to laboratory yes so do that oh okay
lower weight service is there a map
because I'm legless Cassandra did freeze
neckla mean something they did with
proximity key tag to access to
restricted areas no cuz the doors locked
well they might I don't know I had this
did you go back down maybe the wipers
backed on you came up to get the key
right
maybe maybe lap back down oh oh think
check it was your brain I don't think or
like to think try using your brain I
don't like doing that that hurts it
hurts my brain oh I gotta go back divine
howdy doody asks if I prefer Seinfeld or
friends and the answer is no ah I hate
friends so Seinfeld fire my own
you don't like you know no I don't like
friends but I never like Seinfeld that
much really yeah all right I love me
some Seinfeld back okay I just think
we're in just friends ISM so friends
terrible friends disease dumbest you
know dumb shit but you're in chorus and
Rachel makes me wanna throw up
friends friends was a perfectly fine
Jack no no I know but no oh I was I was
in that era I was a news radio guy sure
I think I'm like that how are you
falling no no your back it's okay relax
just is probably good I mean oh there's
people enjoy them wait I need a minute I
don't you everything ready to go cuz I
know he didn't come back home and these
guys are serious it totally helped oh my
god this is this is suddenly this is
where you need to be because this this
is this is happening that can cover
not much the clip on the phone sir madam
who was shielding pick up hey everybody
said I won I'm good at game doesn't
doesn't take much to kill them better
think you know this is also true I can
only assume slash hope it gets
we're not what I think
who's not mysteries like what about the
computer at the desk
thing down down here click on computer
maybe that opens huh that did not work
hey guys that's not a door you go into
the chat room are you know what my big
escalope oh the basement health hit it
must be around there somewhere
gonna be all look at that fits big door
miss they said a GI Joe sound effect on
the gun the pink there's a laser blast a
GI Joe
sure maybe it's kind of catch-all bbp no
it's got like a laser II isn't that
harsh gunshot songs yeah
I can't recreate it like not you say
elevator was not in their proper Weiser
that message came off of a survey it
came oh my god I think it was just
showing me that those are doors who
hears oh yeah why this is here oh
there's a chair you could have a nice
sick yeah like I said oh you know what
this I think we need to sit outside
poor people come in there you go get
around my chair fucks Oh going on in the
chat Josh not much
who's Chet lose Chet yeah were you
chatting to a community is much better
than Big Bang Theory no shit net never
seen Big Bang Theory what community
community has its mommies thanks the Big
Bang Big Bang Theory is is Hollywood
trying to market to nerds and doing a
really bad job they're not trying to
market to nerds they're trying to market
to grandmas who have nerd grandchildren
now they're trying to market to nerds
are they've been doing a bad job
that shows been on the air for a while
they're leaving a bad job marketing to
nerds
ya know what you're saying I don't
understand
did you break jacket where's a fucking
elevator we're in the farm rock or dog
Jail Mills where are you people like
there was there was a singer wall okay
oh look that tell me hey look at that
good job minute that was terrible new
cheat available Liberty blah Blee flat
fun nobody money for harmony rich talk
about XCOM oh I love XCOM yes ask me
some specific questions yeah no just say
words words usually help xx come is good
y'all it's neat game fun to play would
there's a good point two and a Half Men
was on the air for a while - yeah that
was the most popular show on TV for the
most watched show and it was terrible
sure but the question is I've been doing
a bad job their job is to get people to
watch things if lots of people are
watching things know what I'm saying
even if it's low quality I don't think
you can say they're doing a bad job
they're doing a bad job of marketing to
nerds
maybe that I'm trying to market the
nerves yeah just one they just want
dollars I don't think they really care
where they're getting them from I don't
know that's that's been my argument okay
I don't want to watch the fucking show
it's bad I've seen a couple episodes bad
yeah also - an MN bad
Jon Cryer's and then I love John Craig
are you so much I never watch TV I
couldn't tell you first started about
two hmm I know they replace Charlie
Sheen that's all I know they did the
fashion API chair and then they replace
the little kid because we got weird with
a lesbian and Amber Tamblyn lesbian we
gonna shoot you know they're just
hanging out
did she just show never the nuts I mean
I don't know it's just I didn't know if
they were good guys or bad guys
I felt like he's got up and turned to
face you when I am at you and then went
like this and grabbed the crotch area
I can't you shot him in the nuts the
character is a woman and they do like
injuring us Deborah okay they do not any
more than a denzel's that's the go-to
thread yeah guys don't do that cuz we
know it's the Geico yeah don't go over
the nuts buses the buses it's really
serious business looks like business to
me we're never go for the nuts unless
you have to go
whichever's unless you bless you hate
somebody really hate them I guess I'm
not in any position to talk because I've
never gone for the nuts because you're a
guy and you wouldn't do something no
because I don't get in fun
what the fuck is that whoa what are you
what's your deal it's an ostrich it's a
car not that glitched into this carrier
hahaha vroom vroom everybody
I think that's just the space football
yeah what the fuck
this is hanging
be my best friend where you going little
guy come here
you're my best friend it's like it's
like the vitsin Tron take me to your
home no we want it to be your robotic
Neddy
yes hey oh oh oh that's Luke attentional
you follow this guy give it the best
places walking around checking it out
get up
Oh Oh what's down there somebody that
wants to kill you okay you know I would
be on board with playing some XCOM
tonight too but we don't have a computer
center for that sorry sorry uh
sassy rich wants me to talk about Twin
Peaks Twin Peaks was a television show
that was on for a number of years two of
them that is a number it had a lot of
actors and there was a mystery who
killed Laura Palmer and they solved the
mystery and then the show continued wait
we need J mama didn't just talk about
that this they just want me to talk
about Twin Peaks and I won't be talking
about the new stuff haha bye Jay Jay
made some promises oh okay he's he's not
here no he's simply not here no I built
a J it will be here later I believe but
I will talk about it at that time I'll
probably be busy later I don't know if
they're doing that tonight
oh it's getting late I can't believe it
I heard a wider so light I don't know
why she's in a way to either maybe maybe
there was a car accident
Oh maybe red letter media is dead right
now
that's possibility I mean there's stuff
to play perfect card no property you
don't know that it's true you know what
I'm willing to bet on that well that's
that's fine Twin Peaks was on ABC um I
want to say it was in the eight o'clock
time from time slots in central zone um
they also though the David Lynch mark
frost also has a show called on the air
that was on ABC that I really enjoyed
quite a bit it was a sitcom about a 50s
television show a variety comedy program
that all everything always went wrong
all the time
okay it was what was that on the air
it's called they only made six episodes
that's why I haven't heard uh only two
of them aired three in some markets uh
it was not very well accepted oh are you
on drugs the error was toxic
I need a spycam okay all right um yeah
it was it was not very uh the network
didn't find it very interesting because
it was way too fucking wacky to be on TV
yep I think the last episode is I can't
even believe they thought that was going
to get on television it's it's
completely surreal and I loved it I
loved it it's like watching it's like
watching that last season of Space Ghost
Coast to Coast except that was on TV are
you are you familiar with I think it's
called alternative three there was some
kind of British science show I forgot
what it was okay but their last episode
was like normally a science show but
they made up a bunch of shit about Mars
and a conspiracy theory to put a colony
on Mars because the earth was slowly
dying Wow
yes Wow yes and there are people to this
day I guess that believe this I need to
see that it's you can find it on YouTube
okay okay that's great that's right on
my ah yep just a plain old regular so a
bunch of shit they like fake some kind
of like Mars landing footage oh that's
awesome that's awesome okay
apparently yes okay noted it alternative
three was the plan to colonize Mars
because the environment on earth was
gonna be coming in hospitable for life
nice yes
oh man okay whoa look at that picked up
night minun boom then that there you go
uh uh boom you did it
I won I won perfect arc because they
can't be from terrified nitrogen uh
right yeah when I won I want it perfect
there see Harry fed is there a place on
TV for a show like liquid television not
an mtv anymore um probably not even on
Cartoon Network anymore they've gotten
so specific with the shows which is a
bummer because I remember a lot of
really good short subject stuff on there
I mean that's where Bugis Butthead
started on flux jaywalks
looks the max boy and what's on the well
the next was separate next wasn't liquid
television no that was that was at the
same time but it was not on the Patrol I
got a certain caliber oh yeah yeah yes
it did um climate is Keith I want to say
ah is all right I think
Oh cookie cookie yagya milk on the max
was fucking fantastic anyway and liquid
television was really cool but I don't
think there's no place like that on I
mean that's what YouTube does these days
i I don't know what J and Mike's
thoughts aren't guardians of the galaxy
I we've seen it we've all seen it but I
have not talked to them about it
we don't hi Gretchen I don't want our
beautiful and perfect opinions to taint
J in Mike's obviously biased opinions
because they love everything about
marble the marble thing they're Marvel
fanboys oh boy which is why they kind of
seem to have liked and hated Marvel
movies and equal measure Oh another
friend is back Oh little friends are so
helpful
Becky looks gonna get old quick now
let's meet the first time yeah the
second time I look on doing well the
first time I figured it out for the
second time uh he's just there yeah this
looks like another important place
though yeah I think um I I believe I am
progressing in the game yeah ah hello
you should learn how to Amy Oh what what
are my thoughts without without getting
specifics on can I set this earlier you
might not have been her I think
guardians of the galaxy is flawed really
but it is a fun movie so there's that I
won't get too specific because there you
know there may be something I'm sure red
letter media and officially get specific
at some point yes so we can talk more in
depth at a later time and you should go
see a movie because it's always more fun
to be in
all right now somebody brought up
Mystery Science Theater and we can talk
about that because all my fucking god
alright um most most y'all I think you
you said you don't you didn't watch mr.
Eason hi I've seen like be like a few
out the three episodes total alright I
have nothing against which is my
official opinion on the show channel I
have nothing against the show but if I'm
gonna watch bad movies it's always
something I do with my kijang I don't
need their commentary I like to get
together with my friends and provide my
home but you're nothing against shows
fine fine show I've only seen three
episode okay Jack did you watch it no I
didn't have cable girl okay
so I I have seen one or two episodes and
it you know what always bothered me
about it hmm is the people talking Jack
you sound like my dad I know and it's
like because they would always make
funny jokes but then I would miss the
next part of the movie because of their
joke if that makes any sense I it's a
fine show the one or two episodes I've
seen or it's fine it's fine
alright now I have seen I believe with
maybe an exception of the first seasons
of the stuff in the first season I've
seen every episode okay I love that show
I love that show I watch it all the time
my family used to meet up at conventions
from three different places when they
wouldn't used to do the conventions
which was not very often but it's a big
show in my life and honestly like I
don't know if I'd be in Milwaukee
without that show because I met the
drummer in my bands when I had a dr.
Forrester shirt on and he's like where'd
you get that and they got at the
convention that we were talk to my
friends it was a thing that said it
really doesn't have a lot to do with our
show we're not sitting here and writing
jokes about they they make fun of movies
they write jokes about the movies they
we react the movies yeah and then kind
of dissect them late oh yeah we're
trying to watch it from more of a
filmmaking perspective I mean like you
know message we don't sit here and try
to think of jokes yeah you know that's
not that's not what we do and so it it's
is a different thing
I think that it doesn't hurt us I mean
with that I was more conscious during
space mutiny because I'd seen I had seen
in that episode fairly recently so it's
like I'm not going to make the jokes
that they made because I know those
jokes when you guys were kind of getting
close to it I didn't want to say
anything because you don't know shit and
I didn't see that episode so it's not
you know it's not something that I feel
like I need to make a point about
because you're enjoying it just fine um
I was not making those jokes I mean I
pointed out when the girl was right back
on the deck after she died because
that's not making a joke that's pointing
out how atrocious the editing isn't that
movie you made so you made an
observation yeah right yeah and it
happens to be the same observation that
other people on a different show made
because guess what they also watch the
movie and shit like that is impossible
to ignore right yeah which is why when
things like that happen like during that
whole dance scene you know entity in the
Clube people were saying the same things
because they watch that movie too and
it's you're going to get the same thing
out of it because it's fucking
ridiculous but but Josh I mean isn't it
isn't it proper etiquette to make a note
of every other show that has happened to
watch the same movie isn't that I mean
isn't that what other shows do they
always mention every single other critic
or show that has watched the same movie
right
yeah but we're bucking that trend Jack
we're saying no because I know when I
see like a review of a movie the the
next two pages of that review is noting
every single other person who's reviewed
that movie remember yeah Roger Ebert
always used to wait for Pauline Kael me
for her review to God not to be like and
then he'd spend like a good paragraph
just talking about what oh this was the
Pauline Kael review said this that
always happened in every reveal we ever
wrote until she died absolutely you know
I almost want to avoid
just it's too much I know but I don't
think I think if you guys run across
something don't look and then find out
what's an MSD movie I just won't say
anything
sure sure we'll just but then we're
gonna do the episode in the comments are
gonna be enough my chemistry ki mr. TT
day and I mean you see it was Adams to
get out can you not mention that how
dare you not mention that that's you
know that's how it is that's my biggest
question is why why would I mention it I
haven't even seen the episode even even
if you had seen the episode like I and I
hadn't seen the episode but I knew that
mst3k did Santa Claus huh why would we
mention that look I don't know this is
my one question no I don't know I don't
know what what would make someone and I
have also seen a lot of Mystery Science
Theater comics what would make someone
think that we would mention yeah and so
what if we if we mentioned it what what
happened that's my campaign holy crap
weird um what would that change if we
mentioned it right and a lot of it 95%
of it was why didn't you mention it and
5% of it was what did you think you
could bring to it the same thing we
bring to every fuckin movie same thing
we do every night pinky try to watch
this movie
yeah no I'm totally with it it's it's
it's the dumbest and we receive a lot of
dumb comments and bringing up Mystery
Science Theater might be one of the
dumbest dad yep but I just I really
wanna make it clear that we're not doing
Mystery Science Theater and it doesn't
it shouldn't have anything to do with it
that's not what we're doing that's not
what we're trying to do wait we're not
no no you were trying to do our own show
yeah I didn't sign up for that well
that's okay Jack because now you have
this you have perfect art now I have
perfect did you did you remember to
write all your drugs for perfect dark
you remember how you wrote that whole
skit where you forgot to put the
pakkun I did I think it Anna by the way
I think it worked out really well I went
okay there's a few comments you're
saying Prezi Prezi maybe this by that
that thing you were looking at it
earlier I don't know but oh how much the
saying uh-oh singing pictures Oh
spycam yeah thank you
that fucking thank you that I that was
pissing me off I had this camera and as
I believe I supposed to - I wouldn't
leave just record everything had a
cheap-ass spy camera of the future is
this right no no that you yeah that's me
oh you're controlling it externally okay
okay Carolee no not but pumps in the
homes the palms in the homes
I like a girl with the bomb - no home
one ah
MC Hammer ever oh yeah I've heard of MC
Hammer I'll do I believe by that point
Jackie was just going by hammer oh don't
hurt him where's the camera I don't know
I don't care and I don't know what's how
we doing
uh it's been a while okay I'm gonna
complete this objective and then we're
gonna play another game okay cuz yeah it
just keeps happening
oh no this way know what I think I came
from this way okay it's a question that
it's it's what was asked a while ago but
well I'm remembering it now open X come
I would like to play over all right I
just heard about open XCOM the other day
I mean I know they're working on a while
I don't know it was done and watch the
trailer it it adds some functionality
and it's like an update to the classic
XCOM game I'd like to play that at some
point I didn't know was done till
yesterday though so so like bye bye bye
update the classic X kind of you mean
this is not I don't know if it's
technically a source port but no it's
not enemy I know this this is a
something for the ninety version 90s
version oh cool
user interface updates and the like okay
oh yeah I love this champ well I don't I
don't think that a beacon game to scream
we're going brah X come the old one is
the old ones a lot more micromanaging
I'm sure that's not a bad thing if you
like you know just to get in the depth
of that game right but I don't know if
that'd be a good stream
uh yeah well you know I'm sure people
who are digging the game would love the
strip
Oh four of them okay so now I took a
picture
this door is still locked there for fuck
now I have I do have I have a data
uplink
to the guy who says open XCOM be perfect
there there were plenty of people who
are bored we're playing FTL
it's uni what people don't like in depth
games yeah yeah that's really true and
which is a shame because FTL is what is
is a game that I watch on live streams
on that's what that's how actually how I
found twitch was watching FTL live
streams ah cuz I really dig it but it's
one of those things where not a lot of
people play FTL I don't think and a lot
of times you'll only watch games that
you play oh my jams you don't hear about
that ah shoot yo ass good all day
congratulations hey but that this game
sucks really I mean yeah a 1064 first it
looks better than gonna I'm sure for the
time this was awesome I feel like the I
feel like right now itself you admit you
can make something fun out of this but
when did I come in everything so
confusing a map would be killer
they don't give spies detailed maps
places they're infiltrating Jack you're
right they always wink I came in I came
in from there I think did I come in from
this time yes cuz then I said oh my jams
but this is the door I'm going oh well
that's an all caps I kinda needs
business oh gee no offense but RL RL em
often makes big assumptions about people
or general audiences well nobody nobody
else does that
Oh what assumptions we need that shit
for an FTL when we were streaming many
people wrote that they were bored
that's not an assumption that's that's a
fact there's evidence that is an
observation yeah based on sure not
everybody but enough
picked up shield tech item okay I'm sure
some of you would like it yeah I like
where the fuck what the fuck
how the fuck okay and this one right all
right
we're damn it yes respected this is this
area whoa but I need the Sun will never
stream XCOM Jesus Christ I just heard
about open X come yesterday cut me some
fucking slack ha ha ha ha oh you did you
did doctor - it happened what did it
yeah you just had to get through that
door and that was objective - yay look
at her looking around looking for a
victory
Oh
dr. Carroll's in a computer yo Oh
oh my god dr. Carol needs to pluck them
eyebrows before uploading yourself into
a computer Oh dip yep the kind of person
owed up load themselves new computer do
you really think they give a shit about
their eyebrows I think they would I
think they would program themselves
better eyebrows Johnny Depp does
transcend is I didn't see it either i
watch the episode no thank you change
his eyebrows did you know he just has
good eyebrows ha you jelly deaf come on
ha ha ha
okay I'm going to decline this mission
all right
and we're going to take a small break
and find a new game to play of this
motor is not supported what
well whatever like this man hi well girl
we're gonna be back yeah give us 5-10
minutes you need peace

[Part III]
hello that is weird wild stuff ha did
you just bought her a check but I know
she's not a boy beautiful Super Nintendo
had an ejector brother that's true
little hotline Miami for n64 would be
awesome I love hotline Miami body Arvest
body what is this crap yes how come
we're not getting mode not supported
resolution not supported to change the
resolution I don't know what's going on
it fixed itself when we played perfect
dark it's working here yeah I know
what's working there but it's not
working on our TV oh no don't say that
around don't switch your jams okay hold
on y'all we're having technical problems
again weird something might be weird for
a second I'm gonna it's gonna fix that
oh oh
maybe it's the RAM pack is causing
issues that wouldn't make sense that
wouldn't make sense it's cuz we're
getting it here yeah I don't know what's
going on well hold your jams no I refuse
to hold my gems all your games my jams
must be freed free the downs freejam
everybody hold on
okay what did you do I unplugged it and
plugged it back in that's what you
always do
always unplug and plug back in yeah
there yeah okay well not we're getting
it but now they're not old on oh this is
play oh that's right throws it away how
much starting device please wait
don't worry guys we can see if there you
go there we go all right yeah we're
gonna turn it up a little bit too if you
want to hear what is this game again
Harold it's called body harvest body
harvest
hey buddy harbors why do Ballas hit game
of 1989 oh my god this looks terrible it
looks like a - video game over money
a bug a bug weirdly a mid buck Jason a
poorly animated man lucky flurry n64
coital doesn't get any more exciting
than this he's been hit
look at those lousy particle effects
alright alright
well the gods hey that book real good
here you carry for a second
yeah hey Oh since is good I saw a copy
of giome on ninja or whatever but it was
like 40 bucks at the game store it's
because it's good people want to buy it
I'm not paying 40 bucks for a game
though geomod ninja what it's it's it
was the thing it's a game and I think I
used to have it but yeah this is this is
tales from Genesis face we do you get to
play the game this is not as good as
telling us to space away
he's just John moody your ass that's
great that's great
always looking at your blood in it oh
right Chris I'm sorry that you're so
scared
Connect latest a bug maybe maybe that's
how you play is maybe plays the bug and
you have to harp I want to shoot that
stupid guy Jesus Christ like stabbing
with my mic LARM
maybe going man I don't know how it's
pronounced I don't fucking good good
good news everybody Mike and Jay are not
dead sure shot 24 just subscribe you
subscribed for body harvest cuz grads in
Malaysia we should talk like bad radio
DJs more often oh yes oh yeah hi Jay Oh
what how's the stream going so far so
good good does everybody in the stream
doing alright how are you doing evil um
enter name jackets your turn
Mike and I would have been here sooner
but we we have to see the movie boyhood
which was 5 days long oh my god how long
was it is 3 hours
Oh seriously 3 oh wow yeah Calvin Calvin
like like like go I'm sorry Philip law
from the space movies you are alright
Calgon Calgon yeah yeah oh yeah I didn't
want that
I told you is your turn to pick are you
cool with this yeah okay no fucks hero
or easy yeah fucking we're going hero
cuz why not oh it's daytime everybody
wake up
I don't know if this game is just that
terrible because everything looked like
crap on the inside this would look so
this worse this is this is awful miss a
directive arrived let's see if we can
find out what's been happening here
try the village ahead check your map to
whatever well you get a map that's nice
rich hates it already
too much talking this is more
complicated than I want this thing to be
oh my god this told me there's a map
where's the map that's right right is
much that is great he's gonna go all the
way up there alright yeah you got about
17 days yeah yeah I know I know mr. bug
eyes oh that's right thank you guys
should change the string can I get in
this car so I can't wait there's a C
button yeah the C button do the almonds
then what was the yellow ones oh oh
bottom C button okay I see I see
thank God he can ride places oh I
thought she was gonna tell me not to run
people rewarding don't hit anybody I
mean that's a good morning the ps4
porting shoo-shoo what makes cargo back
why do you have an old-timey like a Ford
buggy you're using the fucking Model T
to fight alien bugs why does the camera
there I'm God this Nintendo 64 crap was
right about that time the Duke boys were
gonna keep the trouble nice oh that that
small sign was in your way where you're
trying to plow through bugs with the
stop sign got in your way Jesus this
looks awesome
my bees got shot there you go what the
fuck
that's a bridge I was not a bridge
because it's up arch that it's for boats
it's off I'm swimming it's just in the
up position
oh my god where am I going then bye sure
the bridges down I'm Trever traverse the
bridge what can you jump the bridge can
you read that sign can you do wicked
sweet jumps get out of a stupid car I
jump Oh guys look at
read the sign yell don't you I'm getting
just don't don't shoot decide read that
yeah you have to read sign by shooting
it your bullets read your bullets are
like series see tall master well then
told man finger toes shoot him
scheme Oh God look at that look at that
floor floor classic n64 know with all
that rumpus outside oh my God look at
that man hey it's King Louie v was all
the Roomba see here's what you need to
give me the sandwich with the meat put
it in my face Oh was it Marlon Brando
see what I have one piece the Pirates of
is about because my nephew gave me a
wallet for my birthday oh you just got
it everybody right now go right right
now just leave the stream right in here
go to youtube and and and look up Marlon
Brando acting class yes yes it'll be
more entertaining than body harvest I
don't know did you see those floating
windows you see that floating everything
about this great game is the greatest
I've ever seen we jumped through the
roof of your car jerk who's compared to
two big rigs often you get a gun in this
gonna shoot some bonus Oh Oh my
splosions
this is awesome Oh in between the treats
slalom yo slalom let's go back through
the trees
oh yeah exam entry though Oh Harvester
what mister wave I'm at my hip
why oh you knocked that one down is what
happened I can't drift okay the regime
will not be drift which is attempting to
Tokyo Drift is that fiddle me yes that
was like stock symphonic soundtrack I
think it's just telling you forward I
don't think it's all really let's think
it's four that's terrible I yeah that's
pretty bad this is really bad
Oh circles under the trap will you help
us defeat the bugs they took Brazil will
take oh my god it died
so it's like a Zelda Starship Troopers
yeah tell me once I get the tone doesn't
make me feel good getting in and out of
the car though reminds me evolution
watch your master
what orson welles during commercials yes
that's always fine other quality there
always caught my Carson was dead
oh yes Jack likes hotline Miami
I played Adama Vina and it was great Oh
game is this Bonnie harvests it's a game
I got Anna cheapy venom nevermind
starfox no damage yeah this is a Grand
Theft Auto I just jacked that car that's
great
I think I could have taken any car than
others what what's there to discuss
about how long it's a great cam I play
their lot and you should you should play
it people why games they want to hear
other people say they like weekend oh my
life again love game more so what you
should do is get the hotline Miami
soundtrack actually you should drop
everything and get body harvest rich is
having a great time actually you should
go buy that Twin Peaks box set you know
oh
during the car I did not recover the
previously recording Mario Kart footage
so it's gone forever
or we can recover it I found a website
that I gave them a sample of it and they
were able to recover the footage but to
recover all two hours it would cost two
hundred and fifty dollars oh so guess
what that's big no hey check box you got
250 bucks right nope
i've streamed hotline miami before on
the jack solo stream so I probably won't
do it again
McKenzie was the great hero Oh first to
approve the use of the tank he resides
in this area use the tank that's great
keep up kid great good you've done what
you're doing
my guess is a real twin peaks'
discussion won't happen for another hour
or so
I believe J has some work to do I
believe so yes what your name is J they
all want to talk about Twin Peaks not
yeah B not gonna happen it's not time
yet some work for the work to do no oh
no and yeah for the for the mariokart
footage we have all of the the footage
of me and rich playing the game we just
lost all of the capture footage of the
game of the actual game and so I just
won't have anything to cut - yeah I'll
kick started I think that's a great
thank you I'll get right on that machine
gun they go so like well we'll still
have me and rich talking about the game
but I just won't have any of the actual
gameplay footage to cut to so I might
have to fake that heads up I'm not going
to make a Kickstarter to raise $250 oh
and by the way someone's asking if the
resumes have come in we have not gotten
a single goddamn resume you assholes
were supposed to send in funny resumes
and none of you delivered what the fuck
was the peel box been check since the
last stream whose recent two days ago
yeah just maybe there's something in
there now I don't know maybe we so far
we have not gotten any won't let me get
out of the inventory I feel about the
same register
it sure is no backup no no Oh leaving
that room was the hardest thing I've
done in the scary
nice no objective checks man oh yeah did
you guys see that the kick started it to
raise a couple thousand dollars for
potato salad yeah that's dumb that's
funny yeah it's almost as dumb as Zach
Braff's Kickstarter boom it's true yeah
yeah a guy wanted to make potato salad
so he made like a joke Kickstarter
basically he's like he's like you know
he I think he wanted to raise like 75
dollars for all the ingredients for
really good potatoes and people just
went crazy over it and given like p.m.
thousands to like have a container salad
partner because it's funny yeah well you
know I guess for them it might be a good
joke but I can oh my god he's gone rogue
oh no you're behind a fence he'll never
be able to get the map Oh John kilo I'm
looking forward and John kilo said he
sent his resume last Thursday and he
drew the Showbiz Pizza bear I'm looking
forward to getting it we haven't gotten
it yet
you send your resume to the address on
the red letter media website yes send in
your resumes and we're looking for funny
resumes but obviously red letter media
is not hiring anyone so we're looking
for joke resumes and we said that the
funniest ones we will read live on the
stream as a joke because it would be
funny because a few streams ago someone
was being very persistent about working
here we thought a good gag to write joke
resumes and send them to the PIO box
handwritten they have to be handling or
tight I guess they could be typed in
print types they could be typed to end
print it I suppose none emailed no
emails that they have to be on paper or
reasonable paper effects similar oh sure
tailor skins
oh no more bugs why would I press the
trigger do you look behind you you idiot
is that what happened yeah
oh my god oh you got a hundred points
supposed to be bad well it's not
supposed to be bad is it it's exceeding
you know Jack Mac the sub money for the
twitch stream goes into the thrift
stream like we you know we winds and
whatnot we bought some n64 games today
because we thought it would be funny to
stream that you can't jump over the
fence so say yeah twitch subscription
money goes into previously recorded
it'll mean rich and I could buy games
it'll mean we can do fun stuff for the
stream and for previously recorded does
not give it to you so no no a new
speed-up McFly mick murderface this game
does blah
I picked the wrong horse oh I can only
imagine this has got to be this has got
to be better than then this pain Dark
Rift I don't know you have to play it
you have to play it for at least 15 more
minutes
yeah mind then I'll do Dark Rift about
that I'm enjoying it Wow door no no the
money won't go to recovering Mario Kart
footage that is not worth it I tried
some freeware like video recovery
software and none of them worked one of
them kind of works and then it didn't
and it really doesn't matter we have
routinize reaction to it and so if
there's anything I need to show I'll
just fake some we footage and do now so
now you know the story yeah yeah there's
some footage of we made me with with
rich and Jay and so I might have to fake
us making movies again or I'll just show
them is because I still have my fucker
blah blah bluh bluh bluh bluh bluh what
Jackie leo says what if dark rift is the
extra of n64 games it could be the
extracts from a game that we think is
gonna be really bad it is amazing it's
pretty bad yeah this is this doesn't
look terrible yet does it usually it
looks terrible sure what's ugly
I hate it you hate it yeah I believe we
started with some shiny gold 9 we rocks
Goldeneye for a while and then we played
perfect dark which is basically
Goldeneye with with a lady spy okay and
now we're playing this and then we
haven't gotten to Mario Kart no we've
not gotten to Mario Kart yeah
don't worry or do you want to play my
regards everything depends on how late
you're streaming wait we stream as long
as we're awake and as long as we're
we're not too rowdy in here you you
won't hear us yeah yeah so then we're
stream until we get fucking sick of it I
should tweet that you're streaming I'm
the official red letter media to each
other oh no these people are paying
attention to you right now right now a
380 get ready for that but go oh yeah I
have not heard it oh god I am NOT hurted
oh I had not heard that the crummiest
breeders song that was ever written mmm
fuck this time I'm still like somebody's
car hey you is this you cough sounds
stupid neo stupid yeah we're not gonna
play
Deadly Premonition we don't care about
it fly yeah it's no no it's it's like
it's like Miami connection where they
they deliberately made a modern game
look like a cheesy 80s action movie in
fact be the friends forever song it
plays during the end credits
oh no that's what's different is a far
cry yeah far cry Deadly Premonition
that was gonna look great right look
dragon Ellie permission is completely
different game even I know this I don't
know what dragon is Eddie I think so
we're not gonna play blood dragon have
another drink Jack I haven't had
anything to drink some eyes I don't
drink that often x-men so the crummiest
breeder song is Lady t-top I think you
misunderstood
yeah yeah tell me premonition is the
game people were saying it feels like
twin peaks' oh okay oh sorry
I bawled again I have fuluo Jews I have
played Jack is smoking everything all
this car jack so like that I'll expect
all the crack I spoke to all the drug
just got here and the kradic is going
sorry sorry
now lord knows after a movie like
boyhood you need some crack Ruby like
boyhood you need a map no no don't
review spoiler alert along innocent oh
good yeah refrain
I like that richard linklater alone
sometimes a lot what's his movies a
slacker and waking life before sunset
yet were sunrise and were that other
thing before the other thing before this
that sounds like well you know he's
taken a lot of chances and made a lot of
different types of things what's cool of
us we can act black I think that was
just really fun yeah he did a gangster
movie oh that's right yeah um what was
that called it was like its first bigger
yeah but he's tried tons of shit yeah
well good for him yes before midnight is
that what it's called
yes yeah thank you ho ass ho ho ass ho
is a new subscriber macho's has been
very incisive commentary tonight he did
your acid perk 3 before movie no meaning
to yes
Human Centipede in the karyesh
they like his philosophy for babies yes
yeah good like a movie I love the
animation in it but holy shit
oh yeah it's no slacker no and I've
actually watched his his very first
movie is on the criterion DVD of slacker
and it is just fucking unwatchable
there's a movie called something like
it's impossible to learn how to plow by
reading books oh it's yeah I know okay
the title alone is sort of like stoner
philosophy sort of until I just got
bored and fast-forward and he walks into
the room then he left side of the room
and he walks back in the bedroom he
takes a nap I think maybe there's like
god damn it stop
but slacker was slacker was already
fucking work of fucking genius
how much I like some flag I mean
obviously it's very episodic so yeah
portions of it I like if somebody don't
like as much yeah but I mean that up to
an overall sort of portrait hood I get
the feeling that it was the kind of kind
of portraiture of Austin at the time
as well and I saw it I mean I saw it
when I was 18 I don't know 17 like I
just I don't even remember how I knew to
rent it it was one of those things like
that I watched Twin Peaks when I was a
kid I never do that and I just you know
it was one of those things that I hadn't
seen anything like it at the time so
that helps a lot in terms of my you know
my appreciation of it I mean what am I
looking for
I don't know where are you going oh I
don't have no you should stop this sucks
do you want to stop playing no very
little
okay we can talk a little bit someone
asked us how bad our emails blew up
after the sanik review my my Twitter
feed was a lot of hates oh yeah people
you know what it got I think it got a
really good conversation started
and I think I'm really happy with the
sonic review thick rich and I made some
really fun points and had a good time
playing a classic game so you know it's
what's what's really upsetting is like
anyone who who tries to make an argument
or our ask us a question about something
we already addressed in the review
Mnet's like it's in the review we've
already addressed that that's my
response is oh that's a good question so
AJ what what previews played before
boyhood Woody Allen movie do a movie
every fucking years gonna stone in here
still yeah the trip to the sequel to the
trip that Steve Coogan movie oh cool the
trip to Italy yeah yeah yeah yeah pretty
good oh I'm excited about that I loved
the trip um
Calvary from a director of the guard
which neither of those things mean
anything to me no I don't know kind of
interesting it was like a priest and he
had a gun and I think that was it oh
well the guard was that one with Don
Cheadle and Gleason in it I've never
seen it but I've seen the DVD cover okay
use the explosive there we go
why are they asking what trailers played
before I don't know that's what they
asked and I know your question no I
think actually it's a good question it's
an interesting question I know so the
trailer for transformers 4 played before
for some reason the trailer you would
see me play a circle with that play
transformers 4 then the new mr. bean
movie which doesn't even exist that's
funny are there spikes in this game Oh
who's that someone asked it no it does
not look like they're I I think someone
like all the games in the very first
streams we play the head spikes that
would kill you
like we did sonic we did a thousand and
one spikes we did a bunch of games that
had spikes I would kill you instantly
and so it must be a thing I guess I
don't I guess it's a thing what is this
what is this game oh fuck right around
the corner yeah whoa shoot him with your
gun okay yeah so the garden is like yeah
in version Seven Psychopaths it's not
the same director but it must be the
same kind of style okay fuck the old
bean factory is not mr. beans penis
that's his father's penis
that's funny that makes perfect sense
yeah sure Oh Clem Fandango wants to know
when the new Plinkett review is coming
out tomorrow night it's tomorrow yes
actually the mr. bean movie oddly enough
you know bean factory like we we were
really excited to bring you that news so
the the unmade next mr. bean movie is
the next funky review that will be out
tomorrow yes tomorrow so that's the
great thing is not only there's new
Plinkett there we have an exclusive on
the new mr. bean yeah yeah mr. bean
movie was in the word and here's another
little bonus patrol they're releasing it
through a new video platform myspace has
created a new video sharing platform
that they have invited red letter media
to exclusively release the new Plinkett
review on yes it's called bean space
dot-org bean space corn dot ninja you
guys know that's real right you can make
you can even fuckin website that may be
tiny yeah yeah alright if it's if that's
not active yet it's coming oh my love it
yeah yeah
sir blindly yes we will do a mega man
night where we play all the mega man I
was like Mega Man game I played one
since I was a little done fuck him done
mega man night how many of those are
there Mega Man games sighing they they
made seven bazillion they made two retro
ones ninth
and so there's 10 there's 10 retro
Megaman games oh okay no matter X
blowing about Metroid do they still have
Metroid games have it in a while you
know you know what's underrated what
Mega Man Legends that isn't that's like
the Megaman version of Zelda 3d I guess
Oh weird
I love Megaman X Mega Man X is a fun
game but let's do that we can do classic
Mega Man's anytime dear the 8-bit gamer
I will take more beer what was the
question did you do you guys need some
more beer set over okay yes I mean sure
do you know if the worst problem is
about having too much beer what if too
much beer that's good I don't know if
you can send beer in the mail I'll be
honest we can yeah you can oh yeah we
actually got some from a family has sent
us many best of the worst movies that's
this right here oh oh they weren't
supposed to when they just got away
bacon go to the peel box and send us
beer sure we'll drink it yeah you can
you can send us wrap it very carefully
so it doesn't break in the mail I mean
sure way to get poison sent to us there
are there are certain states that you
cannot have alcohol send to Wisconsin
it's not one of them oh great done it
was until fairly recently surprisingly
enough you know what fuckin done send it
to a send us your favorite local beer
sure along dear sweet Louis so this is a
six pack of stag I'll drink that shit as
long as you love is it is it again
played at all right is it the exact same
thing over yeah like is there upgradable
stat sir nothing I've notice well I got
it I got a machine they're in the same
Model T could you make know that's
different 101 yeah I've gone through
three or four cups oh can you make a
different did you did you make it to the
place we're supposed to make it to yes
now there's another place go to place go
to other place go to other place after
that go to next place nice place
and kill bugs oh my god bugs are cool
that's the only thing I've been really
enjoying about the other the only
problem is it's like the exact same for
bugs right now and then you drive oh I
love render fog worse blob mutation you
do not need to put beer and dry ice
we'll chill it here yeah okay yeah okay
trust
Elvis delvis you make wine so if you
want to send us dry ice sure they win
well what what just happened it's still
going over here
I know I hear Oh reload I guess yes
we're a weird thing just happened so we
do I just lost most of your chat it'll
come back question mark getting
information yeah oh yeah it was just
Chrome yeah um oh there we go okay
somebody wanted to send this wine so
this your wine if it doesn't suck
send us your wine if a dead sucker will
still drink it I like wine red wine we
just don't make the wine out of your
testicles oh please what this is
commercial yeah that's fine then when
it's like so when someone comes new to
the stream they usually get a commercial
oh okay that makes sense everytime they
come in new to the stream I don't know
what happened everything's fine right a
weird thing happened all of our LM ever
yes it's pretty true it's really true
freedom you know I'm using Chrome
browser and it said that Chrome ran out
of memory I didn't even know it could do
that hey yeah I so it just sort of
happens all of us know this okay
send this wine and your music I'm suck
yes I make wine and play my mouth yeah
send us sexy music and your wine and
then we will drink your wine whilst
listening to your music sure how about
that we liked the musics live on the
stream okay let's
we want to be won't even be playing a
game what else we'll just dream that
this trick yeah that's good
stream us trick in your walk all right
man yeah do not send moonshine or if you
do send moonshine clearly label it
moonship oh man that shit will fuck yeah
I have I have it was almost
hallucinogenic yeah dumb drinking
moonshine is so mixed I mean we didn't
really talk much we mixed it okay but
keep in mind I have I have experience
drinking Everclear oh yeah
Everclear it's extremely extremely
efficient for being on the road for two
weeks because four guys and one bottle
of Everclear will last you two weeks
yep I'll see you at my mixer all the way
through what do you next what's the next
day when the agenda how do you were done
with this one have you guys talked about
guardians of the galaxy you know how you
can rescue an opinions on it I haven't
seen it so I don't want to do those
slits
alright alright let's give people let's
give people time to see if they did just
come on okay yesterday
everybody Josh Josh has ruined you
hearing my opinions on guardians and
you're welcome I'm pretty sure your
opinions will echo our opinions which
will which people will hear very soon
yeah man and then in the next stream you
can say whatever you want about it I
don't know how you sure I suppose yeah I
would like that's the thing like but we
have to wait till you're done you'll
know what actually the one thing I said
was I thought it was flawed but fun yeah
we're gonna wait till you're done
getting your work done and then after
this dream Joe Joe fun why would you mix
moonshine no I was mixing Everclear and
also you drink you mix every clear
because you do not drink every clear
straight it says so on the bottle
give me some corn whiskey I'll be right
all right I'm done all right just
driving around and shooting bugs and
walking on a building occasionally
sexily get out of the building and shoot
more bugs because no one in the Greater
Milwaukee area has a copy of Starbuck
well you know that's okay people jumping
big ol jump so you're done with this
game I'm okay guess what that means
we're oh fuck taking a break let's see
how No okay oh yeah we'll do it we'll do
it after that one okay so it's gonna cut
it's gonna cut out for a second and jack
is gonna play his other dime-store by
and this one's gonna be fucking awesome
why sure that's known as dark rift
augmentation used to do every clear in
Tabasco shots in college because that's
what you do in college yes that is
exactly good okay here at you take you
take over and read and chat have a good
time
let's see any plans of doing a best of
the worst with animated movies no
specific plans we would but I mean I
don't know whatever but he missed this I
think there's a set we have do we ever
saw that man that many ones there's no
way I know there's at least one movie
that's candidate yes we have some
individual ones floating around but I
don't think it will be I don't think
would be a themed one particularly
because I think if you've watched three
animated movies in a row that might get
really annoying yeah I can't and I can't
even necessarily say why that would be
the case that's like what's a bad like
you know yeah
what does see how many bad animated
movies how many best of the worst
candidate animated movies do we have
nothing does what I thought there was
one I was making a joke yeah Oh were you
guys seeing question answers no no no
and there's at least one Jessie's wrong
nobody cares what she thinks
Yeah right
oh we had to unplug it and plug it back
in again again it's true these are the
things these are the things that happen
yeah you brought the party yeah I guess
you're free to be in here I guess you're
free to be in here yeah I guess you're
free to be in here I guess you're free

[Part IV]
it's everything broken every 100 K this
word it's working oh my god you guys my
my cheap-ass n64 buy my oh oh wait yeah
no yeah yeah okay here we go okay except
we have the same problem yeah that's
okay this firefighter out of fix okay
everything's fine
unplug plug back in all right guys that
fixes everything all the time everything
so we're oh uh where's Goldeneye you
missed a jackass five hours ago
previously recorded on Twitter for when
we do shit can you change this here and
this right here and hit the update to
its I'm up I'm updating okay we work on
it there we go that's what we won't add
before somebody says it's
that looks awesome
all right let's do is prepare for battle
oh this is a fighting is this a fighting
game looks like well they're hiding
games are tournaments all right crisis
well tournament tournament I do go start
button how do you start with the start
but starting oh my god it's a two-player
game yeah gonna do I'm gonna do I'm
gonna redeem Monica I have this not ever
been shot the arrow oh god breathing
Sherdog
oh maybe it's not a two-player game what
is this game set player tit our Dwayne
trip to Monaco versus oh my god - it's
like SOS the little demon green oh no I
know you're thinking about yeah alright
I hope they wrap the grave kremens what
happened I think it's a loading screen
oh okay so I'm Demonica the red one now
we're back away slowly that was just a
dumb fighting game yeah ya know and I am
NOT playing you know
this is but we there must be like a
two-player yeah start did nothing
freaking out yeah okay so the B button
grabs face C that's B button so I'm
pretty good at that nice crab when you
swipe left arrow swipe ease down arrow
kicks right arrow wraps your fresh and
up arrow big swipe frenzy what was the
Sega equivalent when this came out what
was Sega coming out was that Jenna yeah
yeah was that the same leg was at 64 yes
or whatever graphics the Sega Saturn was
like a early CD system was it better
graphics yes yeah this is everything I'm
in a Tendo 64 looks wonderful everything
especially on an HDTV yeah there's no
upconvert we can see all the details I'm
very open about my disdain for the N
system over looks a comedy Monica so
sick I'm yawning watching the skips yeah
this is this is a really nice big bad
this was a bad this is a bad choice oh
hey hey make me laugh bitch alright
No dang
play Mario Tennis if you can send this
Marie of tennis tonight in the next two
hours we will absolutely we will totally
play Mario Tennis drop it at the bus
station
no I'm starting on Wednesday I started
looking for n64 games and found Jack
shit immediately I was looking for all
the good ones and we have four classic
we have four vintage video game stores
in the Greater Milwaukee area within
within a half hour driving back
Milwaukee and all of them had sports
game all of them had quarterback clumb
98 quarterback club
yeah it's all what in this game why is
it sacrilege to dislike the Nintendo 64
what I don't know why I guess it's
sacrilege for you to have a communities
get mario 64 which aged horribly well
this will never prepare know of time
which aged horribly you've got starfox
64 which is good well that's it's like
the graphics aged shortly yeah that plan
because Aaron's not doing anything
I was hitting buttons and nothing was
said nobody's moving and I'm not moving
all right I think Aaron just sucks
Oh perfect cuz Aaron didn't I mean yeah
yeah this is this is just really crap
but you know I'm gonna try to get a
directive thing on a third round
Mario 64 did aged terribly no sunshine
is better than Mario 64 in every way
maybe even the fucking galaxy games
blows that away before plays like crap
and comparisons tedious you know no it's
64 visually age terrible it's still very
good kick the games alright but I mean
it's not great anymore compared to some
of the other Mario games no come on
loads of all of our games that have just
taken a cue from rzc for like big yes
they have better
the same game that's it six before there
is Mario 64 it was great at the time now
it is obsolete yes that is it that is a
correct statement sorry you no no I'm
not anybody this isn't doing anything oh
yeah I don't think it recognizes the
second controller because we started the
machine with it unplugged sure cricket
yes I want to quick it all right turn
sunshine is floating trash doesn't you
my mother whose bunny
sunshine is floating trash no that
person is incorrect Miss Sunshine a
sunshine is great that hover backpack
was the shin press Start
nothing no I think we have to reset the
system
okay well stream might go down for a
second blue will sit there in children
watching this tonight no mario sunshine
was great the the the water backpack was
a wonderful addition cleaning up all the
goop using it as a little jetpack thing
was super fun yes all the levels where
they take await your backpack and and
those early oh yeah was pure total proto
gamma spiral galaxy a little awkward to
control sometimes getting the camera
around but
okay yeah I could probably ask again
okay I felt like it
nothing is a jeweler ship that was
working you or you is this a one-player
fighting game maybe it's just that
poorly program they didn't get the
second player working right wait no no I
don't think so this is a one player
fighting game that's no fun unless this
controllers
I can't was just me was just when I
can't believe everything it was just
working we just used it yeah the same
game bad game bad could you believe this
game don't do anything for some no no
that's not me okay game Network Kingdom
Kingdom Network game bad oh but you know
we've committed to playing we're gonna
play we're gonna play for exactly two
more minutes
alright shit cuz we don't want to like
look at this game the n64 is even
revolutionary they were doing 3d games
on PC right before the n64 so didn't
invent 3d didn't vet polygons that's it
just it just made them blurry and ugly
it invented it in a home console which
again you know was it was cheaper than I
don't gaming I see it that way which was
surpassed by the PlayStation which came
out earlier and and still did better 3d
yeah I'm not arguing that okay anyway um
do you guys want to ask me anything else
well I'm here because I'm do a ton of
these talk to Josh while you can he only
got so many good so many minutes
don't worry guys I'll play the game
don't worry about talking to me there
wrench
invented polygons congratulations
good work I think I didn't yeah well I
didn't think people would really be
interested I didn't think it would take
off alright here we go
I shave my beard off because it's
summertime I'm late - best somewhere
screaming because I have to work
street trash and best of the worst that
movie is too good for best for the worst
I love street trash I'm not telling you
that I'm not telling you that I'm not
telling you that no I won't change the
game for another minute
I like Black Sabbath quite a bit I do
things
that's my favorite okay can repeat the
question okay it's going so fast I'm
just trying to trying to help everybody
out here for Wagner we upload this to
YouTube later we won't see the chat oh I
like I like I like just the responses
okay what is my opinion on wine white or
red Oh red yes that is correct I mean
come on oh I'm not leaving yet don't
worry they want me to do the radio voice
before I leave I could go full Griswold
I need to get in a car no I mean I need
a car in a semi and then I can go full
Griswold have I seen a house I've seen
the house ooh before there was even a
criterion version of it
there weren't even I was a bootleg in
there weren't subtitles on it and I
still loved it ever so much that movies
is great well thank you let's see
and my fan of metal subgenres I live in
thrash yes let's see anybody else
anything interesting
oh we can talk about how I met everybody
in RL m because it seems like you guys
talk about that stuff on screen sure I
think I meant I had known both Jack and
Jesse before are almost much of a thing
because we just played shows together
and we just hang out and Jesse and I for
a good long time there we were our
banter playing together a pretty decent
amount so we got commiserate how we were
both the bass players and even though we
were in both bass players we were and
yeah and then I met Jay and then Jay did
a video for my band and it all kind of
just went from there we did going first
did I do
I think JD did one first and then you
did like five you've done all of the
other ones almost what was the first
time I met you was in a room screaming I
couldn't in okay I could have been that
makes sense I know I ignite and I knew
of you because your reality I came up
yes
yeah and I I went a couple times I went
to screenings a couple times let's see
Josh do you like jazz very much I love
jazz um Charles Mingus is one of my one
of my heroes um let's see what Josh
looked like so I can figure out which
one he is asks Wally Jay 1980 do you
know do you mean who's playing the game
I'm Gor Jack green go the blonde one
with the big muscles yeah I'm always I'm
always hanging around let's see
think about everybody's asking these
things if I'm just skipping over judge
Holden asks me how can I make use of my
English degree or is it too late how in
God's name should I know it's far too
late no probably probably far too late
uh-oh Oh doing the obvious has a very
good question for me
I have a ring VCR and a copy of wrote on
VHS should I combine these two I'm
afraid my mind isn't ready to handle
what it might yield nobody is ready to
hit me you're not ready by recommend
doing it anyway yes oh god I I don't I
have said I love that fucking movie I
loved it I loved it so much it's such a
doofus it's one of the best things we've
ever watched my show yeah sure sure
working on it somebody's asking me about
pump musical of funk music I listen to
all sorts of funk from their moms on up
let's see do I possess typing skills I
type about 75 words a minute is the a I
am this just non-existent assent
apparently I think I've won every single
one flawless I know I know my controller
isn't doing anything right no no it look
like they attack like if I like they'll
walk to me and maybe find you staying
here
so it's just really terrible yeah Oh
somebody's asking about Krispy Kreme
I love that Krispy Kreme we don't have
that I would love to plummet
we just don't we don't have mega bend
anything yeah
some of these straight-up whoopee will
be glorious Oh what are you thoughts are
annoying go bang go that seems to be an
everybody question oh I like that on go
Bongo forbidden sounds a real good movie
sandy sandy like a manga yeah yeah it
said bed in the song yeah they did okay
science yes
yeah very very very good very good bands
I do listen to the jam
yeah I don't like Paul Weller solo or
the Style Council so much but I do like
the jin-hee maybe he needed that
particular rhythm section to be the best
of the best
rotor shirt explain no I didn't really
react you missed it that's too bad you
guys got to show up in time sorry lordy
we tweet when we are starting yeah you
don't get on the bus you get left behind
everybody come on bus does Josh like
Doritos Mountain Dew I like Doritos I
hate Mountain Dew I think that's most
people isn't it no people like mom doing
their own sick sick to my stomach
I don't be so anymore but I'm okay with
mom doing yeah yeah favorite blingo
blingo song that's tough the one that
goes like oh and go boy and go
like that one so much no I really like
the earlier wanting to blend go stuff
there's that EP that came up before the
first record came out I know it's not a
total fuckin history but it's got its
got the falling freshmen Forbidden Zone
the song it's got only a lad a couple
other things that's really cool
all role of that stuff all right I
honestly don't see how rich Evans can
think the PlayStation is prettier
graphics the n64 CPU blah blah blah okay
just just compare the n64 version of
Mega Man Legends which they just called
Mega Man 64 with the PlayStation version
of Megaman legend tell me there's no
difference some of the PlayStation
version isn't better in every way I
think that might have been true that
might be could be that might be
someone's attempting to make it dude
they're working on it privately that's a
good that's a good one go son you're
right you are correct
yeah not here not now as I like they
might be giants I certainly do spend a
lot of time listening to Lincoln when I
was a youngster and the idiots you know
my the very first album I ever purchased
the very first CD I ever purchased was
for that nice yes nice what do you think
about the new Weird Al CD I don't care
for it as much because I don't like the
songs that's based on but I'm really
excited that it's doing so well I mean
Weird Al it's 2014 and we're now has the
number one album in the US and that is
fantastic WordPress is great I like that
ooh
I am being asked who is the best twin
peaks' girl the answer is Audrey and if
you have any doubts from me you're wrong
come on come on
holy cow yeah like I thought a lot of
the weird our videos were fairly weak
yeah I understand like he was doing a
thing where like a lot of different is
through different producers and like you
know getting getting up that height but
uh I was really disappointed okay it
worked out for me yeah oh no it didn't
it did great for another week and
absolutely I like the aluminum foil
aluminum foil was in a really great Jam
yeah so like the Lord so it's like I'd
like to see we were now just having
YouTube channel commits they're putting
out regular contact okay I would like to
correct the swamp clocks lives thanks
that we're both bass players and bands
and that is not correct
there are bass players that aren't bass
players to describe this phenomenon to
you it's not worth the time yes
bees ball I have heard of mr. bungle
love the spam asks for coming back to be
fest the beef fest website is gone it
was just not there anymore so I have no
idea if B Fest is happening anymore I
certainly hope so
oh I I hope to go i if it's there I'll
go but I'm a little concerned because
yeah the site is just gone it I don't
know I don't know what the deal is
well B Fest is not like is that that's
like a that's not a for front room
that's like a student-run thing
it's like yeah maybe it's just no one no
one's doing it maybe well the will ever
ask for a restraining order against Jack
and can jack countersue free emotional
and mental distress cometh by the wheel
the wheel is fixed it's fixed already
yeah and yes to all your questions I am
suing not just the wheel but J and Mike
for before making me watch those movies
they're gonna think you meant the other
kind of fix is only partially trip we've
geez said once or twice have you yeah
don't let them know that yeah Elvis
Elvis episode with Colin Connor and they
grab it yeah Elvis dumbest secret Chiefs
keep three is coming to Milwaukee soon
and that's really cool I hope to be able
to go to that show we're totally gonna
be scare on non it's okay
also I just want to mention I've had a
point in this game where I've been
beating every single person with
absolutely no problem like mindlessly
yeah button mashing and I've hit a point
now where I cannot win against the guy
so that's oh that's the difficulty curve
so for games and then that's it for in
for games and then you get home Ikuko
Jesus
yes III in vented the wheel that's true
I did invent the show but I invented the
wheel aspect of the show and it's great
the wheel is drink I haven't even named
game station 2.0 why does this no longer
exist it's become free right basically
yeah pretty much
Elvis Elvis continuing we're still
talking about like that and they totally
love phantom us because again it mixes
here mic patents and your Trevor Dunn's
and your Melvin's your puzzle from The
Melvins and all that and Slayer too
because you've got Dave Lombardo in
there so yes yes I do I appreciate all
the interest in we should probably stop
talking about it because it's nerding
out against everything else that's it
happening in this room hi but I can't
stop talking about it
here is your stage now here we are
playing a shitty n64 game talk about
whatever the fuck you want trying to
give other people a chance someone's
asked me if I enjoy Matt Freeman as a
bass player can't remember who Matt
Freeman has anybody nothing
tell me chat box chat box music is not
overrated apathetic when music is the
best thing ever okay fuck you lord
necropsy I don't have a favorite death
metal man necessarily but I did once
stand in line to get Cannibal Corpse to
sign a baseball for me in the game they
assign the baseball that's correct
can you give all I asked
let's see what's that I tried it didn't
work out I'm sorry now if you failed the
stream College it worked it worked it
just worked
oh man
jesse is silent like no oh he's the
rancid bass player so I don't think of
him much at all cats aren't better than
music that's a lot better than music why
don't just combine the two and listen
the lady Tito conquer beard
I can't remember who which version of
cannibal parts which singer it was
because remember was singing for
cannibal quartz at that time was not
there it was the other four guys cannot
remember
let's see loner Archon is asking if I
still wish for the Iron Chef
she knows episode yes I do I just think
that would be the best or the best you
know need the best ingredient you're an
Iron Chef
yeah chalices fuckers forever yeah they
know how to make mushroom mushroom they
don't know how to do it with me guest if
I like high on fire I certainly do I got
to meet Matt pike at an iron fire show a
few years ago Nessen and I love that
dude he does one of those gear videos on
YouTube those most fucking hilarious
thing I ever ever saw
there's up yeah like guitar gear music
guitarist Oh first off he's shirtless
because he's always fucking trails dude
just does not wear shirts most of the
time and he talks like this he's got
like like a really smoker sort of you
know one thing going on because I can
buy us two different mics oozing so this
was you're being all like this bris and
then I press this button here is like
boom
sorry punch to the face like that bro
that's okay a little bit and so you guys
see we're talking about wrestling yes we
were
yeah 42 is asking if I like Roxy music
very much although I'm more of an Eno
guy than Roxy overall but I do like Roxy
Ditka Chelsea Dagger people whose emo is
a rock Brian Eno and Roxy Music the same
or you
I'm answering the question give him or
for me oh I'm sorry
Roxy Music we're a band that started in
the 70s and then raining it was the
keyboard player okay go but he was only
on the first round was and then he left
and he made a bunch of really amazing
solo albums and then invented a music
yes piastic that's fun for me because
then I get to learn okay yeah the the
you know I'm burnin record my life on
the bush of ghosts is a really good okay
hi sir creepy I saw that you're in the
stream now so give er one and only mod
Oh Chelsea Dagger so what is that that's
a very popular commercial sign yeah
that's okay
Oh somebody Elvis Elvis cuz I'm just
getting all the good questions from
Elvis tell Boris and they are very
interesting they started out as like
kind of a really sort of Melvin's ease
slow heavy metal thing and then as the
years go on have just put a lot of
different influences into their music
from like early new immigrant IV metal
up through like j-pop and all sorts of
weirdness
they really mix it up and I really like
that there are a couple records a Houma
note which is one that I really liked a
lot they did a series of four seven
inches just before the fight at the last
couple records that were really good
yeah I love those guys I like even when
I don't like what they're doing I like
that they are pushing and trying
different things they're very interested
in in in spreading out their
their ideas also dreamy we have
unlimited continues oh god it just never
stops I've been I've been testing I've
lost I've lost probably ten bet this
does a lot of funny papers
yeah it's in you as long as you can
street fighter did that you should
mortal combat stood well you're looking
like Oh rich Evans is greater than
Whitney Houston yes congratulations
thank you thank you
I agree okay not here not now has asked
me if I like the men swans I like swans
although again they make a lot of music
they started in the 80s and then went
through the eighties and kind of broke
up the early nineties and come back
together there's a lot that I need to
explore there but think I like found the
cheesy maneuver it's a baby
we should just use that guy Oh Steve
delay 5000 is asking who would win in a
fight Phil Davis from feeding frenzy or
Phil Davis from Russian Terminator I
think I can take it I got a wrench Phil
Davis doesn't understand what the
throwing stuffer
what did he have papers nobody had the
fucking papers be rich no wrench beats
papers general question do you guys like
the band cake yeah you like cake I'm not
big on kick that's cool
Jack Lutz cake actually I think is one
of those bands that similar stronger
demons no that's a she likes cloth yeah
Jesse was the one that introduced me to
death grips so you notice we had that
first album somewhere and I remember
where we got yeah yeah Jesse put that on
and you got to shame she's just doing
that no no he has to all these got to
wonder I'm looking for
Jack have you seen Mission Hill my
confusion answers the question yeah Jim
we live in a loose on that but if that's
the right okay that's the right one I'm
thinking of sure yeah
ooh oh this is a good man this is gonna
not Trez gin asks me which best of the
worst movie not containing camera
whistle you've been most improved by
replacing the character with Cameron
Mitchell all right I've got it replace
back problems no no no imagine it all
the speeches in that movie all the
speeches no cuz all right you can't have
too much Cameron Mitchell distance you
cannot have too much Cameron Mitchell
it's not possible hmm let me think about
this
nobody's that would have taken care of
the second act no battle problem one
second yeah you just have weekend for
Mitchell takes over for the second half
did you see he's moving he's like the
drill instructor I like that idea I like
that mm-hmm what what's a movie that
that we watch that one just turned out
to be four and that's what I'm trying to
get like the movie with the Frankenstein
guy that same episode was rough
indicator Vindicator
yes Vindicator good abusing camera yeah
all right because that's the kind of
movie that he would be in yeah and we're
gonna prove but it still would've been
all them that was fun bad yeah oh man
Oh
to look at all right tried do it now now
it's two players Cameron Mitchell meter
oh that's a handicapped uh I don't know
I can't switch characters but with the
deep end yeah that's just brings the
health up and down okay yeah um Cameron
Mitchell in the killer is bi slinking
through dumps and attacking ladies
I'll just Elvis I know you're asking
about amps and cabs and stuff I'm really
not much of a gearhead in that case I
played fender bases i have trace elliot
amp that i like quite a bit cat sir I
think I just have a cab it's not a name
thing that bought from a friend of mine
if anything I was particularly sort of
recommending Trace Elliot definitely
trace Elliot I discussed it back I was
discussing it with Keith who you may
remember from a little band called the
Kryten he is a trace Eliot guy through
and through
so yeah trace Elliot for sure
basis you can figure out what you like
and what you're comfortable with just
you know buy some cuddles everybody
every bass player needs a class battle
every last one every last one you know
yeah I'm gonna go ahead and agree with
also the alesis ion and micron I'm a big
fan of those I actually got jacked by a
micro micron yeah I love it I use it as
a midi keyboard all the time yeah and
it's a very good analog modeling sort of
keyboard where you're able to twist
styles and make you know actually just
physically make the sound change and
that's a big deal yeah because a lot of
crap
you know like my Winkie where you have
to press buttons and it just doesn't
work the same which rich is really good
at this game
Richard wretches Nicki and Jack is
Scarlett he might have broken the game
Oh
oh my god I think we have to take a
break you broke your game oh that was a
game this is too awesome we can't top
this that's done we're guess what guys
we're taking a commercial fuck these
games we're gonna come back and play
something better we'll be back

[Part V]
oh you get this shark pad pro you're
you're the you're the Mario Kart expert
you're the one who leaves a handicapped
guy for anyone who doesn't know jack is
ridiculously good at all things Marga
I'm Vera Larry's place every single time
out the other day Mario Kart is what
Jack plays when he should be playing
ex-cop it's true like we in the for here
is it on yet no no no if you know what
guys it's not even working yet hold on
that's okay hold on your jams oh it's
not open at all oh it will give me a
second guys we're still it we're here
okay oh my god this is the ugliest it's
really that's awful
waiting for composite video signal y'all
hey guys we're waiting for that
composite video signal don't you worry
about that
no damn it they're just sent over here
player yeah and Jessi's gonna play it
you wanna be where you can see the
screen the the chat screen no I want to
see the TV screens yeah come over here
I'm just you can be closer to the
monitor yeah no yeah this is the one
updating updating broadcast y'all
alright I know we're still have a black
screen and yes X come next come is the
best thing since anything else
windows happen is on how does I don't
know I'm trying I'm trying to do a
perfect run right now classic with note
no deaths and no country's loss no one
Iron Man what I'm trying to do all right
that means nothing to Jack he's just
confused yeah yeah it means absolutely
nothing to me that's okay okay you know
what that's okay oh man it has been a
long time or getting jammed yet no okay
I don't know why we we jammed the way we
do but sometimes we got a Jim iam maybe
let the
whoo that frees up on the other game
wasn't the game I don't know what's out
you guys I don't know what's happening
but this is uh this is the exact same
thing that happened last time
yeah what about Cameron Mitchell as the
Gary Coleman part just the safety guy
would that be better than yeah yeah
trying to impress that nurse hey watch
this let's see what happens when he
can't breathe anymore you guys I'm going
into the country I'm gonna tell you what
everybody starts yelling at you I know
to use a q-tip and Windex it's happening
I'm sure it's happening
we have a broken cartridge my shirt
you're gonna play with telekinesis right
oh yeah my shirt pad pro you know is it
me oh there we go
oh my Jim this is the greatest thing in
the world we are battling yes blow
harder I worked him six no jobs thank
you thank you
we were battling right no versus battles
when you shoot at each other with
balloons yeah you can do a don't fuckin
do 50 over 50 started off easy
well the challenge will be each other's
character that oh we only got these
eight yeah this is it that's how it's
always been
oh I think I'm free yeah okay so who is
everyone I'm telling I'm Yoshi I would
have been Marie off anyway I hate Yoshi
as a character
okay all right start again you fucks
maybe I did it that's a way you don't
know no I'm done
oh you see damn it damn it I picked a
what I want it all over again I was
ready the first time I know Jessi today
don't you know it's not me everybody I
swear I did you know no I just ruin
everything mushroom mushroom cup yeah
okay Luigi Raceway let's do it do it
all right all right y'all I do not
remember else works goodbye sir gimpy
thank you for coming
oh my god little racing already that
much look at the dim chef even shirts
okay we're raising already
you know what you think that was
overkill I wasn't aiming for you the
second thing oh my god this Bob this is
weird
I will be honest with you guys this is
risks this feels very the bomb there we
go there's the power slide
boom
it's okay I had to get rid of it I can't
I can't get in front of you while you
have the red shells
I still have one more
don't you worry our retail bomb fuck
that was a close one
oh my god the the Tokyo drifting is so
different there we go there we go they
all sweep Tokyo Drift oh all the way
around the corner fuck yeah
okay piston Oh God rip got it so good
look at all those ease that come out of
me yeah who done did that so good you
guys
rich me angry
I do what I gotta do do what you gotta
do
alright Jack was wait wait why are you
surprised about that Josh this is
fucking Jack is the other one drifting I
know I tried to teach her if that in I
tried to teach rich how to drift and he
won't learn the the rights you the right
bumper
we didn't allow the reducer
we are all right
but you see we're just getting warmed up
you guys
yeah but you three think it was like
eight things what happened you were
first
no it wasn't I was oh there's still
enough
well you're not anymore
right now wait for ya wait for it a
little bit my gosh I guess what mr.
Lantz
Oh a nice green shell sniper thank you
nice
so Oh Josh is doctor gone yeah
rich is Mario yeah
jessi is toad Jack is Luigi figure out
which box where everybody stop right
you guys are together this Jack is
losing
you hit me three times and not Josh yeah
okay
back in this
stop getting in front of me
fuck you all lightning you know
lightning
anyway
oh that's right if bananas you can jump
oh I forgot about that
and this game if you hit a banana you
have the option too long to kind of jump
and save this family
oh no I lost guys I know this is tough
man I let that whole fucking time aren't
just getting totally shit on yes I know
guys I know I'll do better I'm fired
that's no excuse I'm sorry why are we
doing this I don't know what's happening
is dude yeah sure yeah guys change Oh
cuz I'm else I'm still fine with that
chair I move arm to keep it going
nope I tried I tried to do the mario
kart 8 boost sick I'm just oh my god
they're bombs
no fuck tomorrow I fucked up his world
oh my god I know whyhave are you hurt oh
god yeah there's a lot going on all the
time why do you guys keep throwing these
shit this shit at me I'm not the one
he's winning all these games hey hey hey
me
oh I have bananas do you can't hit me
when I got bananas I see your fun
governess
oh damn oh damn it spits bananas up in
half
sorry what Oh
going G or D you can tell it's getting
intense
gotta concentrate really Jeff's artistic
really yes that's it I'm sorry you're
not invited to my birthday
whoa well you birthday party is the jam
of the season
oh no I really lose oh my god so many
jams all right course James again to
keep her keep rolling the app all right
a distorted that one yeah you disgraced
your ancestors
honestly I I feel really bad Beach I
feel really really bad about losing I
feel I feel like I'm not living up to my
potential
but also you know it's been a while
come on
this
damnit
soon you guys shouldn't have gone for
the gym shouldn't be gone for the ramp I
know don't go for the ramp what a treat
is that gonna damage
don't pull me out of water like I care
I'm sorry
Oh oh come on
you know fuck you fuck you that's what
you get that's what you get but you you
like me now
I didn't lightning you I said jump you
that's right hi lightning you you shit
oh my god three of them that was over a
killer oh my god
Oh My giddy
you know you're right up there you're
right Miriam fucking head you know
you're not with a star you die
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah I give up
ya know I still got this I got it yeah
nice one Jessi I mean we have to spend a
lot of time with Tom Hanks America's do
we faced every man oh okay
Wow I'm spinning out everything's fucked
up everything's on fire
Oh terrible start
if the Train got to beat the Train can't
beat the Train I did not beat the Train
no like I didn't see that
okay
very very serious
two shells
yeah figuring out how to power slide
again I forgot this power slide is very
different than modern day larger parts
because every part is same
oh ha yeah yeah
I'm coming after you motherfucker
well that's fine I know who did it
you know what dirty I'll just win oh
sure sweetie whoa look at you win it all
that win it right ran into me there yeah
oh hey chin with the Shelf that I ran
into his backside let's slow down got
supper and do backside
come on
how did I get you - I'm sorry
that's your gonna click there and I'm
sorry that I'm not sorry yeah
everyone goes after Japanese in front of
me
that's all I'm doing toad nope toad No
really fucking banana peels thanks for
nothing this is a kingdom that is true
yes yeah many many uh we have to play
anymore oh yeah we do I'm not I wish I
do wish I could play with the d-pad
Clark up uh yeah I think use them
individually which kind of sucks that's
okay we'll just look at it oh this one
sucks it's got traffic oh the traffic
oh yeah okay here we go here we go oh
man here we go
get out of here Mario get out of my jams
Mario traffic involved
get out of here truck get weary with
your truck get out of your car
sorry freely your
yes we do I do
what Oh what ah I went full Griswold man
under the jaw
excellent that is an excellent reference
and oak you're talking about I couldn't
do it that did it
not me
Oh
okay green shells up in here I got
something
yeah that green gel mutha fucka yeah
utopia
very hard to Tokyo different this game
oh fuck I hit a car that does not help
pro tip from our that's it pro tip don't
hit the cars
I like this one dr. funky looks yeah
that was fine green so my learner's bats
here we go
I'll never make it to my final lap guys
sorry no I'm just gonna stop right here
Oh we'll see what happens
oh no seriously
thanks Josh for picking correct all of
them thanks rich people what
get the fucker
here trucks trucks really really rich
really you've been silent this whole
time in the light
Ritchie's the Chico get the lightning
did you see that dispatching the third
at the Shelf Jack like well after you
were Jeff kilo says by the industry no
one will be going to Jessi's birthday
party for eternity
ready yeah yeah yeah already sure yeah
you're shit jack but oh my god beanie
jam I was too busy banning people bitch
fuck you bitch oh really
a snowman really thank you for picking
me up
and putting me back on the track I can't
go around
the new ones way better yeah
yeah I mean you know the other problem
is yeah it's like a tiny pixelated
garbage okay yeah but it's still the
most entertaining thing we played today
oh absolutely fine by far guess you know
oh yeah still it's still a great game
but just ugly oh sure like every n64
all right
- I just know minutes I have one
criticism every game snowman is you know
Oh
sorry you just have me and so I didn't
know everything maybe oh really
now you can't it was
oh Jesus
yeah that was a lot yeah you gonna get
it you gonna get a son that's I mean
it's probably you won't get it right now
lightning yeah lightning I don't know I
got hit with more fucking red shells I
don't know now
what did you let's go ah dad fuck mother
ja ja she's off her left corner riches
Mario and I'm the one doing the work
Jack as Luigi Jessi is I told Jay and
Mike will be with us shortly they have
some very important work to get done I
have an exam tomorrow they have to cram
yep they're cramming yo what they do in
Japan I know I will get it together I've
had a long day
dude seriously people y'all need to go
together
they expect more from me as they should
you preview and I'll be proud
I fell for that I should know better the
thing that really is messing me up is a
bomb it's like yeah it must be
oh fuck
okay hardcore
yeah yeah they're excessive
yes very nice I think we can all yeah
just the thing is in terms of the game
fucking you trust me you're not you're
not playing my versus the computer
because this is one of the worst
examples ever just all of a sudden
something somebody's affirm you how do
they do that
yeah yeah Jessi and is expert I'm sorry
it's for that don't be sorry be sorry
not sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
seriously an insurer sorry sorry sorry
sorry
sure I'm sorry
messed up my Tokyo Drift you fucking it
lightning bolts in a row it's fine
Wow Givi baby food if you hold down
whichever button shoots the shell
instead of just pressing it
oh you hold the shell behind you which
blocks you from rho up your ass
protip that smart pro tip still work I'm
so glad they would be sick yeah I know
I'm not gonna use the power because I
was saving it in case anyone threw a red
shell at me I was holding my green shell
behind me in case any of those wrench on
me day
protip Mario
all right
I guess I'll try back you tried you keep
living
fuck you it to Jessi I'm concrete watch
out watch out watch out jump bad
bombs
you have good Tokyo drifting so down on
this level
Oh another project if you hold the end
behind you you get to pick up those
secondary
fuck
if your monkey behind me
the first time was me you fuck I Tokyo
drifted your ass did you did you figure
out something interesting
I believe bitch fuck
hashtag bitch fucker fucker oh alright
shit get real this is the one I was
talking about with home lightning bolts
yeah there is a moment in Wario stadium
here where you jump over an earlier part
of the track so if you get a lightning
bolt you can fuck people if you if you
lightning them outages or any track
chuck it desi 2014 excellent that's
really funny
yeah yeah
a POW okay great ready yep
all right oh that's your excuse no I
excuse it's real you know the timing on
that down Josh yeah what what is it
that's just knees not gonna necklace huh
he's not gonna tell us i there's no
there's no real secret to it she's doing
it just right
oh no I know but what is just right what
is it when it is oh just say I'm not
gonna tell you no I'm nicely sonics I'd
honestly like deep escapes in the yellow
in just the right spot it's in the
yellow so they do the up something
they've given us something now I don't
know I keep doing it right
our super trick yeah
oh what a blue shell
don't you like when you lets us go and
that's why I was like how did you get
hit with a red shell I let that go a
while back
wallets wallets wallets wallets
so therefore someone
sandokan no got a red show coming up
some money sometimes whatever it may be
maybe traffic
okay
- a serious
I was it was taking me a while to figure
out what song it was sorry everybody I
am constant rich has not yet perfected
playing a video game photography no I
haven't
okay I have in fourth place my brain
insist on doing one thing with you that
is fair
the time
need
oh you try you try
well the Lightning over the jump just
missed me oh yeah I knew that jump was
coming so it's like a star power up yeah
that's a that's a bitch biatch
what did you get ahead of me I don't so
well
no you still there well like you can
overtake me really easily
yeah I'm
where the fuck
I thought that was the end as along
we're headed you kid I didn't see you
until I show my I got down in the stage
you know what I'm doing offer regular
yeah black magic is the only magic and
you know rock back and forth you see how
you later you you're white smoke changes
different colors
rocking back and forth
you guys see that sweet ass not looking
at you oh no not you people
oh that's a game waiting right there
granular so that bomb-ass Tokyo
Oh miles Tokyo
Jack's got the Voodoo down that's right
I think you're right I think Johnson
just letting us win this one I went to
get a beer yeah judgements gonna be want
to do you know make it fair do you
wanted to make it seem fair for everyone
hurry up Jessi whatever I'm gonna sleep
on this isn't rocket science you drive
over the finish line I was sleeping
I'm Louie oh yeah this college I'm
definitely easy Chico's you you open up
igano console under n64 type in all
cheat hack MLG and and that's how you
Tokyo Drift like a champ so works that's
how you do it
magic that's exactly how you do it I
don't like the one with ice
all right I got a little more fun
like a pro coming at you
oh there it is oh my god that knocking
way of course it's okay you guys can't
be nice to meet a future
again
I think I've heard mixed reviews about
that technique
yeah well I don't know how I hate
getting in game people - don't watch was
fun Louise is fun I didn't play seven I
realize in this one there's there's a
and I don't know that was for the we're
pretty
I didn't play it but he has been he has
been lots and lots of fun
yeah
no no no not into the nine to the
mountain Oh No fuck this this game can
get fucked
really you're gonna make me do it again
well you learn your lesson see I've
learned nothing
oh I take the stage I love this ditch
this is a very punchy
this has good drips
for Tokyo right off the course yeah yep
there you know but that's the thing you
got toggles here man
oh my god Jessi I might left you what
now our garden library look at this
oh no I give up what's up Carrie here I
go here I go everybody watch out I'm
Mario on the top right I can't I can't
do it anymore
Oh No everyone everyone gave up what's
in here I keep saying this Pat that's a
secret
oh that's the Mario Kassar that's a neat
thing oh yeah all three of you gave oh
no I give up I give up down here why a
loss while the giving was up huh I would
turn around turn around Mario
Terrell nobody cares
oh yeah yeah yeah no right when he was
going to I totally blessed him with
lightning it was great every time I get
rich Jessi would mess up my jam okay
look at me I'm gonna go into this wall
I'm exploring eight that quarter I'm
exploring
no I know I know take over for Jack Leah
me I'm exploring somebody crossed the
goddamn finish is there a time limit
like will they say stop fucking around
okay I don't even know how to use this
controller
oh yeah it's really like this so yeah
pretend it's terms of what buttons
didn't goes okay this new button shoots
no blue button is a gas trigger shoots
Oh trigger shoots like and are is Tokyo
Drift but you don't know how to do
trying Tokyo Drift that work it never
work it also does a little tiny chunk
you can't be time it just right jump
over liquid oh I'm still playing yeah
Luigi is no Jay oh I'm moving bottom right
right right is Jay that is good it's good
information for you Jeff
the drain to the wall and always did you
run into Mike yes
angry no no thanks for tuning in the
street watch a bunch of people play a
game badly look at I've given up the
mountain first - who cares what why -
who cares
I'm already annoying how my son second
oh yes turn the airbag on please I'd
like you pulling into the lava because
it's lava is Alexia thanks everybody for
us and Wayne shitty fuck this game these
games are supposed to be fun no vaguely
cliff bum get off me Jesus mother bitch
seriously that's it
this is it this is it it's gonna happen
I'm gonna lose my fucking shit you guys
are all doing so bad that I'm and first
why do I fall in love every time here
there's you suck what did you just miss
the jump yeah second place oh wait no
there's still love it
bitch I haven't done anything offensive
just said that I'm so bad that you don't
even know where I'm at
no that's what I'm doing okay oh no I'm
going the wrong way nobody's coming
anymore I can tell you drift I can join
the other one what is happening who is
this I'm done
don't be like that yeah more time more
time I'm sweaty
okay I still have to finish yeah mer Oh
monkey
there okay let me see you're still using
things on us even though why not this is
the first course you play Jay yeah oh my
god well cuz one percentage is 1,000% no
I feel like I feel like it's the same
thing as my bowling score we start out
strong and then my arm gets tired
alright first change yeah change drivers
anybody no we don't we don't have super
smash brothers if you want a sense to us
in the next 20 minutes
hey where should we go
oh god oh this one's got a rainbow road
we'll do that rainbow road sure you're
back in action Jack what you're back in
action your toad now Banshee boardwalk
okay is that a fun I don't know no
that's a toughie well there yeah he
can't jungle Parkway is pretty - pretty
neat get shot out of a cannon I believe
okay will do now I know this bull
there's a big jump there's big ass jump
so no no jump yeah it's great
I'm toad yeah good good
okay great everything's great
everything's great everything's great in
great town
yeah began on
you
even know where the fuck what your
sumbitch
here again
oh my god where the fuck am i oh there
that's always been important question
can't see where I'm supposed to be going
as well on this one well still here you
know there it's a glass processor the
rocks it could be anything
Oh God so many goddamn bananas on the
course
look it's free to join I said breathe
and make it stop I do finally know but
there's a third actually kind of
hindsight we've got that Donkey Kong
what are you doing out of here die die
that's cool
oh god this kid can't see what a
rotating disc yes anybody have any more
questions for me because I will not do
this anymore
Josh and John that's okay yeah we're
actually right after this we might
develop
back here now that I can play everybody
wants to know because I want to talk to
you about you can talk about fun mount
you tired again to movies you have you
and Jessi are here you can be both and
Josh yeah we all watch the Twin Peaks
back over there it was great oh yeah
what's the call
josh is done rim rainbow road rainbow
road we got it over with only three
players I'm fine what they're not
falling yep
as long as you don't fall off you win oh
my god that happened really fast
yeah weird I guess tries to mess with
your timing it doesn't want you just to
heaven every time these fucking bombs
does the reverb I wanted to go to the
bombs no it did the dumbest thing
someone hits you and you immediately
wipeout that's annoying that doesn't
really happen in the way oh no no
actually in the later ones if they hit
you and you're doing by a certain thing
you get a boost no I thought I hit a oh
he's a fake question make one yeah you
know you think about them this the
original
Super Nintendo one that one was edgeless
oh let's change house angel
thank you
yeah yeah no yeah as soon as the best Oh
some good name
Oh what Orton first up fourth
hahaha it happens taking such as life
you can
Oh
oh fuck fucking waste of lightning that
got shelled three times
dammit
bananas no keep them damn vanilla cherry
here first here folks
Jay Baumann against banana I like real
bananas
Jay is not like potassium I like real
bananas I don't like these huh yeah I
don't know if that's a good thing to say
well I don't like making them or
anything I just like the air of their
existence that's tough ah you guys know
like stuff blowing up I love stuff all
right
anyone who says they don't there's a
wire
it's not battling over Bentley man
Skelly like I know how you plays it we
can't cuss as well as you can son of a
fucktard
Jesus balls of flame
Jesus balls of Jesus balls of flame
I forgot how long is it
he goes yeah this is the longest one on
a second lap well you're first you can
remember even hold the bananas behind
you to be rich of affection I don't see
anybody how far oh there some somebody
hit me with the red shells probably
nothing wrong with swearing it's natural
and wonderful it's a stress relief
keep it up all the time to relax right
now we're all out of you
really
fucking hit by my own fucking green
shell
who did that bitch fucker Fitz fuck up
bitch fucker it's great great that
sounds like something that should be
said yeah they had its place now in our
birth look for your bitch fucker
t-shirts on
my god we could lightning with the
lightning I hate the lightning but in
this case I like it oh yeah in general I
don't like it one have this do you feel
about pina coladas oh no I like making
love it
yeah late it is
oh my god
lightnings not helping me lightening any
one more time for me first I would sign
the bitch fucker
fucking chain chomp oh yeah you know
what I swerved out of the way of the
chin chop I got banana you know I love
frying pan into the fire
No
this is long yeah this is this is a test
of stamina fucking fuck fucking fuck
lightning here
the Corson surplice not as hot dog no i
reaiiy don't remember these railings you
think it of the superintendent I guess
oh fuck fuck you the father fake box is
blend into the jams so many jams
did you get hit with that after the
finish line no I go still ahead of
groups
oh oh go stick fuck alright alright so
those really done the Nintendo 64 stream
what we're gonna wrap up party people so
ask us your questions really quick yeah
yeah let you guys talk talk to us we're
gonna wrap it up blue flourish that's
the answer to all the questions that's
pretty respectable you know a five-hour
stream josh doesn't play many games I'm
just gonna get her know much about the
Metal Gear Solid series Brian should be
of course one is Jessi's birthday party
just wait for him in the moon
oh my god oh my god so many questions
goodnight McFly mcmurdo face makhmud
Merc Merc murder yes
there's so much stuff going by okay yeah
yeah
what is rich wearing pants and a t-shirt
a hat possibly underwear I would not
cover a football covered in mustard what
Jack when I went to gossip with Jessi do
you ever paint your toenails no that
would be weird that would cross the line
guys
what camera did you use in the first
season of half in the bag other video
cameras yeah Thunder why the wide shot
or the one on my car the one on Jay and
which episode that might be the two
angles were sharpening yes oh really
yeah that was the very start there's no
4k restoration to be done on anything
moving of interest Mega Man Legends are
making my own legends two legends one I
like the town area a lot more and I like
to connect them sub dungeons must I
always take shit from Rancher Cool Ranch
Cool Ranch oh you know what come on I'm
gonna help you
cooler Ranch damn those are seriously
cool reactions the level of that's not
true though no it's back again it's back
it got downgraded back to Cool Ranch and
southern now there's no cooler right
right oh there is only Cool Ranch or
cooler ranch there there's no risk
orange and cooler not the same time yes
that's right only one exists at a time
yes yeah ketchup chips who's Canadian
ketchup chips they make them pink Canada
yeah the quick though ketchup is
something you did things and you know
what something that just tastes like
ketchup yeah you didn't you were gone
earlier this episode has been a
condiment centric this stream has been
pretty common in Africa there was a lot
of discussion early on hmm actually I'm
curious about that
what is Jay's favorite Cronenberg film
Videodrome again no oh somebody wants to
go the radio voice one more time give it
away don't keep them waiting
Jay what was your detailed thoughts on
guardians of the galaxy oh I really
