May 21, 2014
Sonic the Hedgehog 1, 2, & 3
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/49212629
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d1hugi-hHcg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a91i9G6Vd64
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/468793180192645120
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/469281268023046144

by the way twitch I'm really sorry about
this for anyone who is watching we're
offline that's good they got sick I got
sick of the tests hey we got it no okay
Oh game over it would be nice to oh yeah
you do you have two more consistent so
one more after this okay final zone
oh and one right here - I got another in
coins four five we could have had six
seven eight nine ten
twenty-one watching this I apologize
profusely but rich Evans is doing his
best
so leave him alone hey ass kicking ass
before this perfect mm mm milliseconds
okay so we're streaming map streaming
it's not buffering everything seems to
be good okay tweet about what's yeah
let's do that
kind of keep rising
you know what
so how do I do this
really 47 people know of it I'm more
going already because oh my god no we're
about by the way we're going live I'm
trying to figure out how to tweet this
for anyone who is watching rich Evans
play Sonic the Hedgehog number one I
have no idea but tweet this does it know
I should probably change that title too
I think I did oh my god oh we got the
stream started and now the game's over
put in part two or whatever
did you do it rich I did it
congratulations
it only took you 30 two hours look at
all those small woodland creatures I
only got five of the generals I did
do games like this ever ends who are
they saying like you could have done
better
yeah well that's if we had gotten all
the chaos and love we would have caught
dr. Robotnik okay instead of letting go
away there's always ghosts and goblins
Jen what happens in ghosts and goblins
it's a notoriously difficult game Jesus
that's basically when this fuck you and
then when you do it all again this
screen says congratulations geez this
game is happy and okay now if you
refresh your oh nice it's totally your
turn now I'm good at we're gonna play
Sonic 2 now that's fine that's fine but
I'm burnt out you're burned out on take
over for a while that's great I'm gonna
have to figure out how to tweet this and
everybody we have to figure out how to
tweet this is very difficult
what's a tweet tweet it people have been
asking whether or not you have a Twitter
account and I've been told no I've been
telling them that that you're working on
it something funny I'll tweet it that's
what my dad says call it ship for
Germans
no let's date it now we can't call it
that really yeah let's call it rich
Evans isms are you gonna round those
things
let's do okay okay hey we're playing
Sonic 2
live from rlm oh my god none of that
work huh you don't think okay thank
science you live yeah don't I don't
never rat from Madison Square Garden
from huh I want you to save Madison
Square Garden I'm not gonna do that
hold your effing horses dr. robotnik's
juggling a bloody skull is juggling a
bloody skull this is what happened after
the game and that's all he got back at
him why don't we call the in previous
English previously recorded wife
recorded underscore live
well the exclamation point after wise
that would be great
check if you could take a little longer
sending this tweet that like I actually
can't I wish that I could
how do you copy yourselves people
watching this now and they're all I see
is the game right yeah so they're like a
hero they hear you I know that's fine
but they're well they're watching like
than just the track screen they're
watching that that's terrible
I mean yeah that's terrible I'm gonna
turn this game off and fuck up the
stream no answer oh my god I just
tweeted okay we're Sega the get the game
secondly calm down everybody
oh here it is hey don't worry game it's
in this bag of garbage bags there's
carpet event
sonic - yeah tails
Oh knuckles is in free you didn't you
didn't buy Sonic & Knuckles cuz you're
an idiot
I yeah I'm a little bit of an idiot
what's the Twitter for previous year oh
it does uh it's like it's at previously
wreck
fucking dumb them is our Twitter they
won't let you have too many oh my God
look at this wow that's so flashy oh
this is great dumbest character ever ah
yeah hey what the fuck is a two-player
it's two player versus it's two player
versus so we can we could hit that out
later I mean we absolutely should
oh one spills yeah does do something
yeah I was gonna say this tails do
anything in this game but apparently he
does uh I don't know if he does I mean I
think he I think tails like it's bad
guys for you if I remember correctly
yeah I think he I don't remember I
thought he was just kind of there he's
mostly there but I think he also gets
yep two player versus Brno did you get
some okay I'll get some Sonic doing Jake
come by the microphone and talk some
sonic piece what I'm gonna do oh my god
oh my god don't worry everybody we're
not putting a microphone in the bathroom
no matter how much I'm going hey just
now left the room we can admit that we
actually do have a wireless microphone
on him and you're going to hear murren a
demon for the next 45 to 60 seconds oh
my god so we've been playing for anyone
watching this who is it's probably
nobody right now I saw this
we've been playing some sonic today and
we realized the secret to Sonic the
Hedgehog which is going slow and being
very thorough it's not about going fast
which is the exact opposite of what the
selling point of the game is right
absolutely so I call utter malarkey on
Team Sonic
oh my god oh my god oh no I want to oh
that's right this is the one where you
get you get a boost up oh my god I don't
know what any of these things you're
saying mean its boost up whoa
oh yeah this is the one I played as a
kid this is the one look you can rev up
oh my god no I never played this that's
the most exciting thing I've ever seen
Jay I would remember that you need to
get out more
oh my god and look you do a little
flippety-flip did you see my
flippity-flip I saw it yeah that's
pretty excited about that oh my god
people are talking to us I'm sorry for
not paying attention to you talking to
us we're here with it's me Jack and rich
Evans and Jay is here too
to watch us play Sonic the Hedgehog
there's no reason for me to be here no
no there's no reason for Jay to be here
but you know he likes us in general and
everybody likes Sonic the Hedgehog
except for me as it turns out
this is basically oh oh hey if I'm
asleep you're zone that's good that's
great oh oh my god oh my god
oh my god there's someone in the chat
I'm not gonna pay any just so you know
we're probably gonna pay very little
attention to the chat but I just saw a
comment that said that we should get
Mike in here too we should let you know
that Mike was here earlier and all he
was doing was trying to distract which
Evans and make his gameplay the hardest
possible that fucker my face this can't
be right in my face thank you very much
oh we're still figuring out the
microphone / streaming situation so just
bear with us for any of the two people
watching earlier where's my golden ring
thing I got 140 that works different
that's 100 this one's different
we've spent we've spent all afternoon
playing sonic boy I really like the
bonus stage in this one it's like a
third person view racetrack how do we
get to do it forgets maybe one might be
200 I don't know I don't know JD hurt
bushes look awful superboots oh my god
oh my gotta go fast can't go fast can't
go fast so stills doing anything when
you're not in versus motor get fuck fuck
can't go fast I should have known better
yeah tails is doing stuff he runs after
people ah fuck you so I brought casting
live now wait we did play the first one
for bed and the thing that stands out to
us the most is that you're punished for
going fast every time you go fast you
run into something and you lose all of
your rings but when you go extremely
slowly you you can pass the levels with
these Jerry here it's like can you hear
the game and us yeah no great I think
it's I think it's working
it's working deputy typically we
oh my god oh my god where are you going
I'm going back up here remember take it
slow take it easy
I want to get up there we have an
audience now they don't want to see you
take it slow and he isn't they want to
see you right into spikes dive well I
don't worry people thanks Jay people
watching you try and fail to get up a
loop-de-loop inside a go-ahead shark
it's just sad yeah it's because I'm not
a very good Sonic player how do I get up
there fucking I hate God hear this this
is Sonic's ultimate battle can't jump up
a hill I can't jump up a hill how many
here we go okay don't worry everybody I
made it I made it this is just practice
we're practicing sonic practice for what
oh look I got a thing haha
see yeah I got it we you have the the
first checkpoint
I think we're frozen
we're totally frozen everybody are they
still hearing this yeah your stuff in
the headphones but we're just so working
the videos okay and I just needed to
move the mouse how it is it pretty
simple yeah must have
that's is that the stuff you were doing
before I left you don't now you're doing
okay by the way I haven't touched a
controller in like 30 seconds and I just
made it through I was doing great I feel
like I'm doing great I did it looks
camera he just looks like he hates you
no or no Ridge that's attitude look at
him you're a security fuck something
fuck knob fucked with fuck something
fuck something oh no rich Evans you use
sassy biscuit man I called rich Evans a
saucy biscuit
yes never say that again I did I just
did said forget her you get to the dam
oh my god bonus stages in Sonic 2 we're
gonna have to look this up I think maybe
remember I remember liking the more
I just heard in the headphones me
calling rich Evans a sausage biscuit and
I liked it oh my god this is this is
very confusing and disorientated yes
oh my god feel great I feel like I'm
doing great jump on that thing on the
ground I think that's what's happening
he just lost tails down a hole
granny went down the hole and you did
this you know so many people are
watching disappeared oh that's weird
we possibly died because they have all
gotten kicked out for some reason
no there's still people that work you
just did
oh yeah this is this is the real joy of
Sonic is I have not touched the
controller in a long time because I was
looking at the stream and and he I'm
fine I made it through some cool stuff
fucking this game we how long can I not
touch the controller I haven't touched
yet I haven't touched it yet I'm not
doing anything
you can just hope forward I could have
held forward and maybe made it a little
longer I wanted to see how far I could
make it without just a fork just forward
ok just holding forward that's the
that's the game meta game in Sonic is
how far can you make it without touching
any buttons the illusion of doing cool
things yeah I do feel like I'm doing
cool things
hey that's kind of cool
look this is Sonic so ashamed okay
fucking Sonic the Hedgehog no no this is
the game this is the exact problem you
Jack no sonic made me want to go fast
and I went fast yeah the music and Sonic
is very good I agree with that I have
the stream up on my phone at this
channel I feel yeah because people are
saying you have to talk to them which
you don't use it no obligation to who's
in charge - I I will try to talk to you
rich Evans is in charge of fire safety
and as always he's he's the safety
officer he is in charge of fire safety
we're not quite sure if he's cool about
it but we're trying to get him cool
about I'm cool about him no but is is he
cool about fire safety is the question
I'm assuming there's a thing there about
fire safety and me yeah that's
completely original we're trying to talk
to you but we're also trying to play the
game so you know there's oh my god
how do i oh that's a wall see say this
what happens when you read I'm trying to
read and play here how much do we know
about which we know nothing about twigs
here you read this okay rich Evans will
now be answering your comments live
thank you for being in charge of fire
safety but by the way now if there is a
fire it's on you guys we have no one
else to be here for fire safety
we got sexy rich tonight the sassy rich
just don't leave him alone with a stove
been getting some wavering mic
interference it might be an electric
device that's getting moved by somebody
oh sure that might be my phone yeah yeah
you might hear they won't want my phone
oh my oh my God where am i I haven't
been paying attention and now sonic is
on a brand new adventure here's here's
comment okay Jay is gay oh that's an old
camp so they mean that shit Oh
this is why we don't put rich Evans in
charge of comments
I hate this I hate how little I'm doing
in the game ah for anyone paying
attention to the game it's a lot space
cop is coming out when it is done it's
coming out when it is done yeah let's
see if it's a release date we are
working on it right in your calendar
this this last month has been nothing
but space cop space cop and more space
cop yeah and Jack just died kind of
pathetic stuff we do got an extra mass
is the worst recently yeah yeah we shot
there'll be a half of the bag coming out
very soon it'll be about that movie
everybody is anticipating us to talk
about insert joke here I don't know if
you're picking up yeah can everybody
hear Jay I don't know how audible he is
yeah whatever balls phone just turned
off the phones because he can't work my
phone that's okay I'm underwater we're
doing it don't worry guys we'll get back
to monitoring the chat in just a second
I'm assuming in the future that jesse is
going to be like handling that kind of
stuff yes so we can we could focus on
playing games cuz that's hard work we
can focus on playing games and making
smartass comments well Jesse takes care
of
what did oh my god oh did you see my
sweet flip Oh
okay can't run can't run great so I
think I just demonstrated to everyone
the real problem with Sonic the Hedgehog
is if you try to run too fast you die
it's a game where you have to be very
slow in calculating in order to survive
okay now this is where I died before so
I'm gonna slow down and see I had slowed
down because there's a jimmy-jam over
here
gotta get on this guy and then jump on
this jimmy-jam and if I didn't slow down
I would die can you can you define a
Jimmy Jim yeah oh my that was a Jimmy
Jam the Jimmy Jam slept with Jim that's
sure but I care about you I'm sure
that's just the thing people say I'm
sure than Jimmy Jam the fool ugh I have
never heard that you've never heard
Jimmy Jam never heard that before
I did I just assumed that was the thing
people said oh fuck fuck this is so sad
I know you gotta go fast I apologize to
everybody out there for Jax someone was
once kicked into Jimmy jams I love penis
jokes so thank you for that I'm not
taking over taking over okay no no rich
is in charge I want to say as if I'm
gonna go Jimmy James I think I think
it's a Team Fortress 2 thing there are
there are little posters up in Team
Fortress 2 and one of them I think says
Jimmy Jam it's a video game that I play
Jay how do you do the spinach are you
hold down and press the button okay
wait wait you have to stop moving okay
okay so I want to say it's a Team
Fortress 2 reference for oh oh oh I'm
sorry
did you fuck up my cheese
Oh weird we're going too fast
continues this one I don't remember how
Sonic 2 works you can raise Jimmy jams
Oh Graham is it and T I think it isn't
tf2 I would love to play Dark Souls 2 as
well I'm looking forward to one day
playing the Dark Souls game my I hear
nothing but good things about them one
day
yeah blankets not here we're and we're
not gonna play Sonico six many other
people have covered that really all we
have here right now is a goddamn Genesis
we we have a Genesis and Sonic one two
and three and that's what you're getting
tonight it's a video sonic oh six is a
video game I'm fucking up left and right
here J Sonic oh six is the room of video
games if I'm going to make a reference
oh it's like the room of video yeah it's
like the room of video games is big rigs
off the road racer no no that's that's a
that's transformers that's that's bad
but the sonic oh six is when you're so
bad you have no concept how it was made
and everyone so many people have done
Sonic oh six big rigs to eat more it's
like you can drive off of the road and
just drive off of the earth yeah that's
that sounds amazing I have heard of this
game we don't actually go off the earth
because they didn't program on earth but
if you go in reverse
it's like you have infinite speed I've
heard about this game will just keep
getting faster and it won't stop and
you'll go off the map until like a great
Twilight Zone no automatic leaf or you
jay-j was playing Sonic today he's a
official gamer J is MLG Pro whenever you
want to take wheel J you just let me
know because I single-handedly beat
Sonic 1 while Jack was I know what Jack
was doing while I was figuring out how
to make this dream happen rich beat
Sonic 1 that's how hard it was to figure
out the stream incidentally
tada I've heard good things about dota 2
in general but I don't know I don't know
if I have I don't know if anyone if I
have that much time to dedicate oh did
you oh you didn't I
and I I screwed up again I keep screwing
up Team Fortress 2 is the tower defense
game yes actually kind of man my man
versus machine mode is pretty coupler
comparable to tower defense game for
anyone who plays the portraits - so
there goes that joke jerk I got you I
almost rounded alright slow and steady
slow and steady wins the sonic race
don't go too fast
jack is left to discuss blowed my nose
this is where we were before I screwed
up and died
take me this long just to get back to
where we were because I'm terrible
all right jump over that because that
kills you all right
I see he drops promising he's dropping
water on me this is attack we shut up a
jug of water on Sonic's head well you
know that maybe that'll make him slip we
will we will never live stream best of
the worst to my knowledge it will be
horribly boring yeah you don't realize
how many just silent moments there are
during the screenings we'd give you the
choice cuts trust us you liked the
editing of best of PS especially an
example of the importance of that it is
especially lethal ninja oh my you know
exciting we made that sound oh yeah that
is to watch that is the worst movie ever
oh my god people are raised in Jimmy
jams up in here and I like it you know
what and they're raising Jimmy jams the
Jimmy Jam sir then Jimmy jams now I
don't know no I didn't just Chris these
guys this is spring here I'm just saying
it by one of those guys yeah this they
don't want you to go fast in this game
that's the that's the that's the moral
of Sonic go fast
ancient for your face you can't see
where you're going
Mike Mike is and then Mike is working on
the next plane to review right now
that's why he's not here
mike is taking a nap my what it what do
you think I said I don't even know what
killed me
I just lost my coins for no reason I
kept the hip down alright whatever I've
done you done no I J did you want to
give it sure he doesn't want to give a
shout if it goes dark just tap it just
have it alright riches rich is now in
charge of a stream and I have Sonic oh
my god it fires arrows rich
I guess that is good advice when you
have the spring hit the down button so
you would say hit attack animes that you
might stumble on that make sense do you
what going to spin mode once you hit
prank that way if you do run into
something um I'm gonna die oh I'm sorry
sonic somebody's getting interviewed by
BBC radio and that's very good for them
I'm happy for you who someone else's
uncle spook comes one oh well
congratulations uncle's congratulations
oh oh my oh my god
oh he's there somebody wants us to turn
off the Genesis obviously we turn down
the volume can you hear the volume is
that it is it a volume thing or is that
just like a joke like you'd rather
listen to us than watch this game yeah
I'll turn down the volume okay okay oh
my god I need air where's there the
typical morning for rich Evans is noon I
am a night off I will stay up soul for
am
typical morning is me getting out of bed
and instantly getting ready to come to
work because I wake up so goddamn late
that's my morning
no God this is not a speedrun down and I
run I like for for those who are like
for those who watch a lot of twitch we
are not doing anything fun or exciting
we're just we are literally just playing
sonic well people do well people do
speedruns or they try to you know get my
score we are just playing I'm just
trying not to die how about that can we
just try not to die I'm dying that goes
on when you're playing this game when
you're playing Sonic yeah when you were
playing Jack is planck's on it jack is
not a fan of Sonic somebody somebody
wants to play $20 plus shipping and
handling for a dick the birthday boy
shirt so that's something you could so
easily just make yourself to just got
any t-shirt shop and unless we basic
text yeah you buy the iron-on letters
we need we need someone who makes
t-shirts I guess they feel creepy doing
it better I want a t-shirt that says
thank imagine going yeah this is what
didn't work
you don't you have to earn the right to
have that that's what you have to go
through to get it oh my god you've got a
hammer
all right somebody wants it oh my god
from rich Evans don't do it hey make
them work for it all right you're not
already if you want it oh my god from
rich Evans this way Bri watch the 11
cabins in ski best of the worst is the
best one there will ever be oh I get it
like Metroid actually they said Metroid
with no II I'm assuming they mean met
Raj Jack loves the Metroid series they
mean like my Troy Troy like my true I
love Jays Roy thank you I like Metroid I
don't love Metroid know I love Metroid I
think much Metroid Prime for the
Gamecube was was one of my favorite
favorite games
I kind of hate getting lost and I know
that's a lot of people love about
Metroid just the library yeah but it
just frustrates me oh now that's the
whole thing exploration button-pressing
look pressing a button pressing a button
I'm Sonic and of pressing a button
when is the next game station 2.0 oh my
god no that's funny
next week only it's gonna be titled the
half in the bag changes to its impatient
yeah gays beard for president 2014
absolutely I'd vote for that it's a
fantastic beard oh my god can't we even
played Dark Souls 1 or 2 I have not
played either Dark Souls is a video game
apparently it's ultra popular right now
it's I have not I've not played either
but I want to just one of those things
who Romano is bad you know it's Dark
Souls 2 is that I'm the police station 3
years only on the newer console I think
it's non PlayStation think ok that's
that's the stream no they have the
Internet the PlayStation 3 it's doable
but I I don't have either of the next
gen systems ok
and my computer right now couldn't
handle Dark Souls 2 because my computer
is an aging piece of crap your computer
could barely handle risk of nuts yeah
that's major reason we did 2d games for
the first two episodes previously
recorded because that's basically what
my computer can handle right now
Oh
spikes okay they're all they're all on
the P that's three apparently Oh
Christmas games that's great that's
great to know maybe we'll have to do
something with that maybe
oh my god I'm failing and yes the
glorious pc master race I'm all for that
I'm all for pcs yes we are both all for
PCs though I have a Mac CI I can't play
a shooter with our mouse it's just the
most frustrating thing in the world well
you need the mouse no I need like and I
you know what I'm fine with the mouse I
just can't do WASD if there is a way for
me to play with a mouse but but I have a
controller stick for for movement I
think I'd be fine things like that Oh a
secret
does anything oh yeah one man I'll look
into that hey you know what it's never
come up just because I've always I've
always played with the controller and oh
my god what's going on I don't know I
don't think I'm losing but I don't know
if I'm winning are you kind of just lost
I'm just going I'm just going I'm just
Sonic and I'm in a casino just or or
something there's a nice theme for Sun
Express with all the pinball stuff yeah
oh no it's very fun okay that's as far
as I'm going that's fine no it's fine
it's all fine everything's fine
oh my god that buzz is causing my ears
to bleed
is there another buzz I don't know I'm
here in person we are we are here
monitoring the sound and we are not
hearing it
is this if we moved the phone close to
the phone it's work legally it's
horribly doing okay so wait Sal
resolutely away right now
silence is great we're being very quiet
behind them sort out the audio issues I
think what people need to understand ice
might be the phone all right what people
need to understand is right now we have
maybe 80 different pieces of electronics
running at once in order to get in order
to get the game to record and do
anything so we will try to keep the
phone away from the microphones in order
to stop the buzzing I'm going to stop
reading comments I'm sorry I'm sorry
there twice now I have to this is for
the guard over the duty duty some
potty-training game should you just
throw that often I think of it if it's
here we might not have been hearing it
yeah we'll figure it out if as long as
it's away from the microphone
oh my god where do I go that's way
I'm no did it freeze again not it's fine
we're monitoring we're monitoring the
situation how exciting is it to watch
somebody play a Sonic game I like it
we've been watching each other play
Sonic all night 2 2 2 2
see I think he's getting like points and
stuff I don't know what tails is doing
to be honest we even got one bonus level
yet here I think they're hidden hey I
think that instead of like earning them
you have to find that we just need more
coins I think that buzzing is what I
think it's the the game like when you're
not talking it raises a second on auto
level or so and sure just the general
huz we're just going to live with it
everyone's gonna have to live that buzz
until we've sorted out now you can live
with the buzz I'm sorry never we might
never sort it out oh my god I think I
know I'm not gonna die where are you
going I don't know I want to go over
there because there's coins oh my god
the next blinker views spoiler it's
coming out tomorrow I know I don't want
to give too much away it's coming out
tomorrow and it's for music it's for the
sound of music that overrated that
overrated musical The Sound of Music
I'm sure it's a fine musical
oh my god the bricks there's bricks
everywhere
oh now you're looking at the phone and I
am oh I'm sorry I I would do I want this
you gave up your rich gave up his
position keep the phone over here no we
think the phone is the general room
Terry Manning the phone here I could go
into my broadcasting software settings
but that could also mean we'll lose
everything okay Jack somebody is
requesting you press B I press B I've
been nothing but pressing B and then
select I guess they're trying to play
the game three you'll be up and select
there is no select button on the Genesis
controller so this is what happens when
I press B up and start so how about that
everybody I'm more than willing to oh my
god I mean I'm terrible at the game you
should know that
I know how to do this does that help
apparently not which Evans takes the
wheel no I don't because it is jac
quranic' like Jack maybe you think that
we all look into the jack oh okay yeah
rich Evans in charge of a chest right
that's what just happened I'm glancing
at rich Evans is much more capable than
I to deal with the chat oh my god
The Sound of Music is the biggest
disappointment since Robert or Singh III
disagree with that statement who's
Robert or seen The Sound of Music star
trek into darkness oh what a terrible
person but I forgot to bring up during
the half in the bag that we can bring up
now there's so much we hated about that
there was a hit and I've already
forgotten a lot of it quick could we
talk about how sleazy the after the
credits bit in that movie was that was
shameless that was really because that
wasn't even a spider-man bed right no
and another new spider-man it was just a
clip for all thanks man incidentally can
you guys hear Jay over there he's not
really bio Mike I'm assuming he's
picking up I'm fine but the end of the
Amazing Spiderman it's just a clip of
the x-men movie it doesn't tie in to
spider-man at all no I mean how so
shameless yeah they might as well have
been like a Pepsi commercial
you know at least the Pepsi commercial
the problem would have put spider-man in
it I'm selling the Pepsi that might as
well been what it was some random scene
with mystique and it's completely out of
contact so you have no idea what's
happening I despise the amazing
spider-man I absolutely despise okay J
is being horrible at escape that is here
I'm sorry I'll do my best to be less
audible.com of what we did not talk
about the Rhino in the spider-man d well
there really wasn't much to talk about
I know wasn't I know a lot of people are
upset because they built them up so much
in the trailer but I don't care yeah
whatever I mean it was the least of that
movies problems it was a sleazy way to
advertise the right hour yeah that's
true but as far as how that came off the
movie it's I mean everything in the
movie was chaotic mess
I think I'm winning what are you doing I
think I'm looking at the chat I'm not
watching it just see you flashing that
she got hit again I'm winning that's
terrible I'm not winning oh you know
what I wanted to mention the Spider Man
yeah well I actually mentioned in the
next half of the bag but I don't even
hope it's gonna end up in the final cut
but it's weird to me there's that part
when the lecture makes all the power go
up and then you see the two planes
flying towards each other oh yeah
who are these people I mean I understand
you're trying to show that this is a
threat but put Aunt May on the plane or
give us something to connect it what are
the odds that two planes would just
happen to be flying right at each other
yeah in the first place and they can
clearly see each other so it's like
maybe we should move and when they do
the last possible second is comical
seriously that's the title um say what
are they referring doing Oh Batman
versus Superman they have a title Oh
it's Batman vs Superman : something I
don't even know what it is it was
announced today well I don't give a shit
that movie still being made by Zack
Snyder ya know and there's the Superman
it'll be more accurate does that count
for anything man vs. Superman
The Avengers prequel Oh what you just
got killed by hitting a coin oh my god
you've just killed yourself Oh Jack what
dawn of justice okay yeah whatever dawn
of Justice
whatever you know as far as names go
it's not the worst that's clear allusion
to the Justice League but I've never
given a shit about the Justice League I
don't know if anyone has I don't know if
I'm speaking out of turn here I'm
Avengers until the hey yay poins Oh No
okay there's one person in the chat that
seems to think it's really ill arias
does call you ball Tobey Maguire oh sure
so hilarious I have to do it over it I
like Tobey Maguire I think he's a good
actor enjoy have you ever seen the ice
storm oh I love the ice dome kevin kline
Christina Ricci yeah Katie Holmes that's
a really good movie yes good call Jay
good call
Oh who's the wife in that to Kevin
Klein's wife um it's been a while since
I see that's full of good actors and a
very interesting little very interesting
little story bits all over oh my fucking
god why is the grumpy I don't know why
is anything anything are you doing okay
me yeah oh I thought you said Jay I'm
doing great
oh you still spin jump down on it
Sigourney Weaver's the life oh yeah
there you go they saw that after hearing
the headphones me sake Joan Allen was
like that's not right that's the mom
from
oh you did it are you doing wrong ah I
don't know I I didn't press down a
little bit more oh my god oh that's
difficult um I don't know what I did
wrong probably a lot question for J
jacker rich okay if you could rename
Godzilla 2014 and/or the amazing
spider-man 2 what would you call it and
why that's a very strange question it is
I would call Godzilla 2014 the amazing
spider-man : edge of annihilation
snow and every something light related
some sort of light on electricity fun oh
sure oh how about current of change
there's the other movie that was fine
with the movie in general Oh what are
you doing I don't know you're gonna die
hi stupid Oh Mo's the other movie yeah
was the other movie they wanted a title
for it yeah oh yeah what else befell the
amazing spider-man 2 what a weird
question I got random things yeah what
am I doing wrong I'm tapping the screen
Jack that's good nothing's happening oh
why is nothing happening when I tap your
screen Oh cuz the okay amazing
spider-man 2 current affairs that's
right oh nice one whoo yeah
current affairs yeah that's funny
what's another electricity joke
oh you know what you could just call it
alternating currents right it's written
out man that's not in two out of ten
oh damn it you know I'm pitching here
Jay I don't see you I don't see you
adding anything is I in Sonic trying to
get my Jimmy jams flat and a flat rich
what are you starting a Twitter didn't
we already address this no we already
addressed this
what's the Twitter that was my response
Jay Jay claims that some day he may just
start a rich Evans Twitter and post
things I say that's kind of your only
hope for getting a rich gesture
I don't know how I getting into spin
mode when I'm already running I just
pressed down door guys I figured at home
there's literally one button in this
game and I'm still having troubles I
want a guy in a rubber suit damn it oh I
guess that's a reference to Godzilla Oh
CGI guys almost fun yeah there's no
problem with CGI in general problem with
CGI is how you utilize its yes yes if
you're just doing things because you can
do them and the screens a mess of
activity you're probably doing it wrong
but I I thought the best things about
the Godzilla movie were the way they
handled the monsters so I had no
problems we're not being a man in a
rubber suit it worked very well
well it happened again Jack what do you
when you click what let me get back to
the string huh
slide to unlock is that what I'm doing
okay no no I'm gonna phone number thing
yeah that's the code okay
okay I'm not gonna say my cold hey this
is my phone's got a cold I like I like
his little flippy jams someone wants you
to speculate on the monsters in Godzilla
2 for you well they already did - they
already did the Cloverfield monster yeah
there's two of the Cloverfield monsters
so the next one I'm gonna be something
silly but it never will be it's gonna be
it's gonna be like eight monsters it
can't just be Rodin yeah
Mothra Mothra it's silly it's a giant
moth you know what they're gonna you
know they're gonna do they're gonna
throw in all of the classic ones it's
gonna be good so um Mothra Rodin I'm the
deer or whatever his name is
by the way I don't do though they'll
transform to the point where they don't
resemble the same creature at all I'll
tell you exactly why would you say that
considering how they handled Godzilla
seemed to me like a very traditional
that's all
gavel is very normal looking a lot of
those monsters that he fights are really
silly I'll tell you exactly what its
gonna be
Mechagodzilla where is this huge from
giant robots that Pacific Rim yeah
absolutely yeah I guess I can see that
oh my god they won't call it mecha gonzo
no it sounds silly but someone will say
it like jokingly maybe maybe it's gotta
have a name for it like it's the eggsy
to cyber monster someone else be like
that's dumb you say dumb things and
that's how they'll get away with it yeah
it was like oh they did just give me
that's like how they did I'd buy that
for a dollar of a new book oh yeah
pygar genre movies so embarrassed to
these genre movies now let's wait is
it's always like they have to put
through a little winks where they're
like yeah we're not silly like the old
stuff rich riches every trouble it's not
my phone I'm not used to it
I got a dumb phone game game over
incoming yeah by the way the answer is
yes to that I have one life left and I'm
failing
I have his pattern ready any Zaibatsu
fins in here what's this - I have no
idea was in the original I do want to
continue can you explain him would you
do you want to anger that thing start
can you know take up ahead see what
happens oh god oh god oh god
yeah disability I need this
rich who is your favorite actor I don't
have their own Oh who took it the
hardest when Gamestation 2.0 was Nixon I
would say no one because it was our idea
game station was an experiment that we
just put on the website anyway because
it was sitting around doing nothing
yeah would you call it a failed
experiment
yes bardo review portions maybe so
because they're richer than everything
would've bounced off right exactly
that's what I hate I like the Goofy's
opening and closing so yes I agree that
was really fun should we maybe we should
say that no experiment is a failure as
long as you learn something right that's
good oh my god oh yeah you don't have
any coins I'm gonna call the coins even
though they're technically rings but it
may as well be fucking cause yeah
they're given their coins the gold
morale around yeah they're hollow
they're Mahalo hollow coins is
everything still working
Oh what's your favorite game Jack can I
be a huge-ass I won't be like what John
huh or you can do whatever you want
that's just the question it's for both
of us but I'm just asking rich what's
your favorite game well I think of an
answer well you think of an answer I
don't know well partially it depends on
what I'm in the mood for but I've always
loved the original thief the dark
project okay dooms always going to be a
classic doesn't see my point I'm
watching everything that if they're not
demons from hell
it's not demons from hell it might be
the image from how I'm doing the movie
ages since I've seen doom you know it's
a mutation virus thing I would believe
in I absolutely adore No More Heroes
one end to nice we're gonna have to
stream that one of these days oh yeah I
want to play that I'm never gonna get
work man we're so playing No More Heroes
1 & 2 great idea zone of the enders is
an underrated classic 1 & 2 especially
to the zone of the enders - is the best
action game ever made alright those are
some short answers I guess some good
ones if we're gonna go by if we're gonna
go by just hours put in Team Fortress 2
is my favorite game just hours I've got
over 400 hours and exhale
that's cute on on xbox and and on steam
i am coming close to 1400 hours is not
hyperbole that's how much time I have in
Team Fortress 2 and you know it's great
game so basically I want you on my team
yeah I'm pretty good I'm a medic if
anyone needs a medic
you know that's a great game I just
thinking about metroid prime because
were you talking about it earlier
I love Metroid a little Metroid Prime
that's a great game you know there's
there's so many good ones out how do you
pick how do you pick a favorite game
yeah that's how you roll movies - I
never pick a favorite movie he's just a
large pile of favor
sometimes you're in the mood for
chocolate and sometimes you're in the
mood for video I can tell you what I've
been playing lately as I've been trying
100% spelunky I'm really close to
hundred percent in it and so I've just
been rocking that out I've been playing
a bunch of binding of issac in
preparation for the rebirth which is
gonna come out on Vita soon so I like
that kind of shot
oh my god
not who jump high jump onto the moving
platform and then get on help lessen
it's not rocket science it's really not
how about this I am working on it it's
like that one is right there I just want
to jump on it okay okay oh my god these
these green dicks are stabbing at
Masonic do you guys enjoy playing
civilization yeah I've never played it
sounds like something I might like
though so Steve is super fun then I love
master of Hawaiian I know this another
oh I know civilizations another Forex
game right yeah those are those are
really fun just because you get to like
you know fight the Dalai Lama and any
time you get you know you like choose
like a world leader and you it's like a
world building ancient China versus
Egypt yeah my strategy game where you
have to like you know build up your
resources and send you to send your
troops out and you can be like Abe
Lincoln and you fight the Dalai Lama
it's super fun yeah those games are fun
check how many Team Fortress 2 hats do
you have I have several Team Fortress 2
ads none none better than the ghastly
gibbous of course you try to explain it
to me probably not that's a collectible
hats it's basically just a cosmetic
device in the game it makes no bearing
on how you do I have to get on this No
thank you tails it's just a cosmetic
thing in the game but some hats are
rarer than others and so you get to wear
hats this kind of a status symbol I do
have a painted bills which is kind of a
big deal I don't wear too many hats
though I will say that Thank You Mexico
I love you too
Mexico Mexico oh it's nice to have a
whole country look that's really
validating just just a heads up country
love me we we should tell um we should
tell the internet for no particular
reason where I wanted to play sonic
because I was pretty sure I was gonna
hate Sonic and I kind of do I thought I
would I thought I would really I thought
it would really piss me off and it's
more just I just dislike it
why did you think you would hit I just
remembered I remember growing up not
being able to play it like just being
horribly just being horrible at the game
and and that really frustrating me past
the point of of enjoyment but as we've
mentioned earlier in the stream we
figured out the secret to playing Sonic
which is you just have to go slow and be
careful which is completely against
Sonic
if I make a Sonic game where you have to
go slow and be careful you need to go
fast gotta go fast and we're running
around at the speed of sound
Ronen around at this oh my god I did it
again that's exact too soon that's
exactly what I did last time I'm sorry
Internet I'm sorry rich Evans and I'm J
I'm not sorry to you she's not paying
attention
Mexico loves me but both Nigeria and
Canada hey whoa you're not gonna be
logged by every country What's in
Nigeria do you care if they hate you
share your things rich Evans is this
what you guys are doing instead of
making space problems no this is what
we're doing in addition to making space
guys
Jesus Christ does so much work on space
god yes mom yeah I was working on that
stuff today so we we built eight
different alien spaceship interiors no
wait till you guys see them they look so
cool yeah
we made an alien race shape dad the Paul
Verhoeven's style shootout I have lots
of pyrotechnics I just did that didn't
we yeah when was that was that once no
today's Wednesday
that's not his last week that was super
fun
this is what we're doing today streaming
streaming video games switch TV
property of Google apparently you can't
hit it one there I'll glow okay this is
the part this is the part where I'm
dying so I'm taking an extra slow
everybody jump over here
covert what was that what was that the
green dick can kill me green dicks can
always kill you I was some kind of
comment on it rich is playing now I
don't take an offer everybody this is a
special treat history is being made
Jim almonds this is a second video game
you've played in 20 years yes
Jay what are your thoughts in the
guardians of the galaxy trailer oh it
looks fun it looks it looks very silly
and I appreciate that I'm very pleased
with it yeah they took a superhero team
I didn't care anything about and now
it's the movie I'm looking forward to
most the sound no no well I really like
Chris Pratt um I think he's really good
on Parks and Rec so it's nice to see him
be like an action hero
plus it's what's-his-face directing it
who I've been following since his Troma
days I like James Gunn is super super I
love super that's one of my favorite
movies of the last probably 10 years J
you know you do nothing but hate movies
oh yes I hate everything good all I all
I want to do is hate movies too that's
why you started making movies because
you hate them so much
yeah as it turns out I just hate making
movies oh that's not true now it's not
true you have lots of fun Chris Pratt
did get super Bob he did your garden yes
someone said that in this program no no
oh my god all of your coins maybe I
wanted to keep calling them coins cuz
why not this fine land no probably won't
be back in time soon we really enjoyed
having him here yeah he was a good sport
I can't believe he did not actually
punch any of them we weren't we were
worried about that we're like what if he
comes out he's just gonna like punch me
in the face what do we do oh no gun
director movie 43 oh he got a second
story yeah it wasn't that just a whole
bunch of dirt that was a bunch of
directors doing bad comedy shorts so
don't fault them for that yeah I don't
know what happened
I don't know what am i what are where am
I supposed to be going
that's a good question I think a
question we are playing on an actual
Sega Genesis not an emulator
oh you hipsters and you hate for any
later someone's someone asks there's
there any reason for me to be going this
way there isn't we don't know I think oh
fuck oh god
usually right as the way you want to go
on this game who's my little guy why is
that guy following me how does he help
me in any way
we don't know like what you know Yoshi
you get Yoshi and he helps you he's like
Robin why haven't been there at all I
don't know yours laughing in the
headphones for me oh oh oh good oh this
is great I hear a frito boss earlier
today yeah oh no okay you want at least
one point on you because that that's
like a whole thing fuck you I'm gonna
bounce on you get that coin there Jana I
got is a two-player mode for this but
it's like versus and so we haven't been
playing that
I don't know
wait somewhat a second player can play
as tails really yeah if you're only
doing a one player though that's right
oh no oh my god oh my god a second
person can play as tails guys did you
never know that I did not know this wow
this is insane
this is brand-new information you guys
you guys I'm playing your sales rich
plays tails
20 years 30 25 30 and I never knew I
never knew this Wow oh my god we gotta
keep going we just need someone thank
you okay a guy coyote or someone just
said that his name is coyote gospel
thank you for saying that oh my god Jane
return out playing yeah this is a
historic event okay so sonic is primary
alright I'm out screen here you dead
what just happened I just ran off the
screen oh god now I'm dead again and it
seems you just how I just killed Qbert
yeah raise the Jimmy James everyone oh
my god I'm flipping out what does happen
Estelle's just some kind of weird and
flip the error stuff what is going on I
don't think any of us have any clue what
is happening right now oh my god the
first time I've ever played this game
and all I'm doing is killing Q Bert's
wait can you fly as tails if you have
them no no because tails can find more
wine okay no no I got left behind what
you're not helping me in any way though
so now we have a second player but it
makes no fucking difference so let's say
your little brother can be entertained
but yeah this is okay I guess you can
play hey it always had a big ring where
well it's just a decorative thing
Oh Oh No Oh what is happening moisture I
don't know get those no no no oh no I
tails you can fly in Sonic 3 apparently
ok ok
does tails do anything in the scale well
this is more than I thought he did I'm
pleasantly surprised
ok no I'm doing that flip out thing
again you jumped over a fan ah okay Oh
God oh fuck you maybe died yeah you can
use tails like collects took like the
Rings and shit
Wow Sonic here they have to give you
some way to get out of here oh right my
mouth was like right into the biking oh
I think you just killed somebody
are you insane yeah okay yeah okay I
didn't know you still were but I think
you just killed a guy so you helped me I
know oh Jesus this is the worst I love
hearing your laugh in the in the oh my
god oh my god everybody's raising Jimmy
James
is this something that just started
tonight because of you doing I save
Jimmy James ever wrote that I want to
say in it Team Fortress 2 there's little
posters that say give me dam like it's a
fake product ok so it's just something
about I say I don't know what oh oh god
I don't know if it's if it is an
internet thing hey everybody in the
stream is it an internet thing Jimmy
James oh my god it's a gun it says hey
for previously recorded do you guys
should just do Let's Plays could I'd be
boring that would look I don't know
maybe this isn't boring to some people
but you know I don't want to just do
Let's Plays we're trying to give you
guys something a little a little more
put together yeah you know get the jokes
in there but you know maybe we'll do
stuff like this oh my god oh my god
where am I going
yes this is basic Jesus Christ I have no
control over my destiny anymore it I
can't help you Jake saying that raising
Jimmy James is the thing that I just
made up today so no well that's exciting
people are witnessing history here oh my
god what is happening there we go yes
Jade didn't have a thought on the JJ
Abrams Star Wars video today oh yeah I
was very excited at the little practical
creature I have been pretty Jesus pretty
indifferent about the new Star Wars but
I saw that I was like oh that's cute I
still refrain any judgment until ok this
is horrible the drink okay yeah I don't
know I'm not super excited oh no oh you
oh my god Jay just Jay really died oh my
oh my I blamed tails I blame her Jevons
yeah wrench you left in Jay daddy hid -
Blaire is anyone gonna play his tails
well you can just do one player in tails
does it
wait wait get out of here did we run out
of continues yeah oh fuck
I mean people guys want to start three
or your try again done to destroy versus
yes my persons it to clear versus oh no
did we start it was happening no no I
went to the thing again I have the
primary controller right just I think I
just ended start yeah there we go let's
try something nice and easy for you Jack
is both playing the same race oh okay
I think it's yeah Oh No so is it whoever
gets there first or resin shines I'm
going to assume there first
oh so weird only sing heaven screen yeah
this is sort of annoying Oh God
it's cheap beating me
I blame tails that's fair enough
oh holy shit what do you happen oh my
god oh my god this is crazy
Oh am I going so slow oh I keep hitting
that thing again
okay okay Castlevania Genesis it wasn't
one of them I've been a lot of
Castlevania man did you already oh yeah
you beat me what's the one that's
notorious for being bad is that Simon's
quests cancel Castlevania - oh no that's
notorious cuz I mean yeah cuz different
yeah that was the one that was like oh
yeah
I remember playing Castlevania when I
was a kid
yeah I like that one because it was
horror themed yeah the Castlevania is a
fun game hardest
fuck yeah cuz man you want yeah can't
say anyone as hard as me
where was the Castlevania 3 that was
good notoriously bad fuck when I was a
kid I was playing that with my dad and I
got to the stage it was it was the
Medusa yeah I had one bar of hope left
oh the Medusa I remember playing that
yeah that was tough no horrible example
of fatherhood my dad's like all you'll
never do it you'll ever do it I beat
that Medusa's goddamn ass my father ate
crow and that was a very happy that's
pretty good I can't get up here saying
three was the bad one three okay
oh shit what just happened what's a VGA
video game why is he people are not see
better than us people are asking if Jay
watches AVGN I see I've seen some stuff
I guess this question was for you I
apologize if you can answer how I beat
you in general few things he's done no
she's sorry sort of the pioneer of the
whole okay yeah is this movie oh we got
bonus tapes olace didn't he make a movie
yes I do not believe it was John you got
like a Kickstarter money to do that too
right yeah I'm interested in seeing his
movie oh no see what he does I was the
second to see if I could jump and I
could and I missed all the coins
you know what other game I've played
some that at some point in the last 20
years has anyone played the online
perfect strangers game oh my god it's
amazing it's the most beautiful it's
great yeah oh my god I'm just gonna do
that I don't care anymore no no oh now
you care you lost your coins
okay I'm not my rings keep calling them
coins which whoa
Simon's quest Oh Simon's quest to Ordos
- that was - I think that's the
notoriously bad one be about Canada okay
that's what I thought when people are
saying space cop will be out before the
Angry Video Game Nerd like who knows I
don't know what the status of his movie
is right we've made decent progress yes
comes as the thing is there'll be a lot
of post-production of post-production
work yeah oh shit yeah people look into
the perfect strangers it is amazing that
what's that one you posted a while back
the Rambo thing you remember that it was
looks like an 8-bit game and you're a
Rambo and it got really bizarre oh yeah
what was that called
oh fuck if I know that was kind of
amazing okay let's do the mystic cave
okay
why doesn't J play games um I don't know
it's not really my thing this is I'm
James a movie guy yeah
I I used to play games in as little but
I didn't have the attention span for him
oh shit
Oh No
how do you speed up like you were hold
down and then press one of the buttons
Rotarians did you ever play Teenage
Mutant Ninja Turtles and or not all
phones which Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles Oh what not hell just happened
what happened I don't know nothing I
think we just entered the twilight zone
oh shit they keep spitting monthly shit
turtles in time Turtles that's the game
I'm not overly fun of battletoads anyone
whose battle that was a cartoon right no
I think we might have made it one but I
was just in first we were on an episode
of Ninja Turtles why I don't think so I
don't remember that
I would remember that so Jimbo is the
one that keeps making the engine turtles
appearance yeah and that's a separate
thing no no shit I'm doing the whores
the turtles go eternal time that was
good game is classic there's the new one
that everybody hates except for me
I like the new Turtles game I don't love
it but it's good it's it's a short
satisfying oh my god Ninja Turtles game
this is like this is the worst I think
you are the worst yeah absolutely
oh I just dropped all my coins ah
Wow so yeah I like the new turns game
what does the new Turtles game Jesus
Christ a generic kind of fighting 3d
fighting game it's only got like four
stages but it's like $20 game it's got a
kind of technical issues okay yeah but I
can I can get over that maybe it's just
my love of the Ninja Turtles because I
for reference Richard Evans adores the
classic black and white Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles comic books they are my
favorite things ever really oh yeah the
original you like the man I like much
I like them too but I was more when as
little as really into the cartoon Oh Oh
what's da mo Noah back in the same
position right oh god Andy Kaufman is
brilliant of course yes
who's our favorite Turtles what does
Andy Kaufman have to do that someone
Isis American thoughts on Endicott no
any comments any cop earlier great yeah
my favorite turtle is Leo really yeah
Oh game over yawn wins lose the only one
that's a fucking ninja okay ratio is a
thug yeah he's a thug with a few skills
Michelangelo is an idiot and Donatello
they didn't know what to do with him
that's why they made up the science nerd
that's why I like that of all of us
Leo is the cool calculating calculating
calculating whatever the ninja yeah no I
agree but Muirfield just likes to hit
things yeah but that's the thing that's
fine that's fine
oh my god what is happening I can't even
see what I'm supposed to be jumping out
of here
Jesus Christ
oh my god the Adam Sandler film opens
tomorrow oh I don't know
I know x-men opens this week on which I
didn't know until today it does it
really yeah yeah Sandler movie lose
tomorrow parently huh
I can't wait to not see it what's that
one what blended it's another movie with
him and Drew Barrymore
yes face cop is getting Oscar buzz yeah
we're really thankful for Oscar to talk
about our movie he's a nice guy it does
a pretty good joke right was it good
yeah it was perfectly acceptable my
favorite space cop is basedgod space
cops are all named space cops
oh yeah that's will give you a little
tidbit about the movie all space cops
are named space cop they have their
names legally changed to space cop
that's all we'll tell you about the
movie so far okay a very serious
question first I did it again in the day
in the movie things why did the silly
man put his jacket in the freezer I
don't know if I knew that things would
be so amazing that's why it's great I
know where I'm going I don't know what
is happening and now I don't know what's
going on I don't think that this game
what is this called blast proccesing it
can't keep up sometimes cuz I start
moving in like slow motion and then this
happens that that's like we go into a
warp zone like none of this makes any
sense do we change places what that
thing did no maybe we we did discover if
anyone is old enough to remember all of
the PR for Sonic they said that the
Genesis has blast processing you know to
handle Sonic's amazing my speed we did
find out today that that is a real thing
there
Graham optimization now the Genesis how
did you get to the end I just kept
learning right you're gonna find
something that I don't know if that's
true I'm Bay Scott vs. Nova corpse dawn
of space that would be awesome
I don't know that means you know the
people in the Marvel space cops as
opposed to the Green Lantern's which are
DC's space cops oh yeah where's this
this doesn't end this is like a
nightmare I just keep going through the
same shit you want to play this fucking
game I don't want to play anymore
should we try this again or three I'm
fun little bit Oh No get me out of here
wait two three
okay we're switching three all right
it's just in the three minutes for you
guys knuckles Oh threes with knuckles
yes we can't play Sonic and Knuckles
because Jack did not pick up Sonic and
Knuckles
fantastic thing to highlight the pudding
knuckles into Sonic 2 which I can't
think of any other game anywhere that's
done something like that oh where is the
game I can't put on the game here's what
I can say Jack is a marble fanboy
absolutely okay and I'm the only one
that is a Marvel family no we are too
because we gave some Marvel movies good
reviews reviews are biased er you're an
idiot wow that's a very bold statement
written in in general I tend to like the
Marvel characters more but Batman is
still my second favorite comic-book
character inside what's terrible oh
there was a horrible like 3d rendered
sonic on the title screen yeah these
graphics worse than the wow this looks
about the same yeah this might be the
cartridge I'm just gonna do this for 40
minutes universe I think DC agree how
can you ever get independent effects
when the entire DC has rebooted every
four years right sooner I just you know
I I have issues I have issues with a lot
of DC characters I've never understood
I've never understood Superman
whoa what is happening Superman's
supposed to entertain small children yes
not meant for older Minds you can be
beaten by glowing rock and you using you
know nothing you can't feel nostalgic
for Superman moments concept this is
childish by nature there's some good
stuff in there like we're at the old of
what it was of The Adventures of Batman
Superman maybe the nineties cartoons
yeah Batman the Animated Series is the
definitive Batman to make absolutely
that's the definitive end I think man is
that Batman it's Kevin Conroy and it's
that animations usually I don't like
this you read suffocate you need oxygen
Oh get a bubble this bubbling Gowan J
still play I think I'm getting there
when when the new binding of issac comes
out I will stream it I'll make rich play
it because I'm gonna be playing it
non-stop
so yes well give me some bubbles I have
seen the awful sonic cartoon he plays a
band with his brother and sister it's
awesome Netflix by the way oh yeah it's
it's the worst nobody ever talks about
the pac-man cartoon
there was a pacman it was a pacman he's
got like a red hat he works at a power
pellet Factory oh they have power pellet
trees and he's gonna pack dog and a pack
kit oh my lord
when am I going to grow my hair out when
nature decides to cure baldness
how about that Here I am I'm not
controlling anything I'm just going
welcome to some water from well that was
kind of neat because they don't know
what a loser is I've never heard of
killed it's a band and a movie well
there's a band called kill dose or I'm
assuming they're talking about the movie
whoa what just happened grab my hands
they're all from Wisconsin any of you
killed those or fans yeah that's a ban
okay okay ja ja should probably know
yeah was there we know more about this
there's no bubbles anywhere I'm dead all
right all right everybody stop stop stop
you keep getting grabbed in a hand it's
not going to work stay still face the
ramp hold down speed up there you go
yeah I did it
another thing that was me playing
through Jay Bowman here you gotta
explain these things Sonny or I only do
it oh no bubbles bubbles stop stop
bubbles I know am I here the musical
will get bubble yes we agree that Kevin
Conroy is the best Batman far not oh I
can't get that thing apparently and Mark
Hamill was still the best Joker's but as
Heath Ledger was great interpretation of
the Joker you would say mark handles
better all right now you haven't seen
the cartoon so I can't really comment I
mean you shouldn't be commenting all
right it's a I mean you're so fucking
good huh that's that's an unfair
comparison there were two very different
oh why yes yes unfair comparison if I
had to choose one Joker and you can only
have one Joker will be mark Hamill's
whoa what is do ya oh I fight something
I think I'm great I'm back in the water
all who are making rebirth on Twitter
and I'm very excited about my birth
which is rebirth finding rising Oh what
am I supposed to be doing oh my god
you're not losing yeah you're doing it
Oh what is happening that's cool but
does it mean anything it's supposed to
be doing
don't hit the missiles that are flying
around you can't hit those are you
jumping out of money I have no idea what
I'm supposed to be doing right now god I
think I might be done this is this song
we played video games as a kid give J
Balvin around of digital applause give
game Jimmy James oh yeah we were just
talking about Super Meat Boy Super Meat
Boy is great it's I mean as far as I'm
concerned is one of the greatest
platforms ever made platformers ever
made
and I'm not a platinum God yet platinum
god it's a binding of issac thing oh hey
binding of issac nerds uh it's it's a
it's a very popular game like people not
playing or I suck too oh I suck too
you know people yeah oh my god did you
die die
sure sure you might have been playing a
new game or a safety game
I don't know though the safes in this
one that's gonna play a new one let's
start a new one
I've never played three do you have a
plate no I think this is my first time
three there you go
this is the first time I've ever seen
knuckles in a game really I'm familiar
with the character this first time I get
my plate that said knuckles in it okay
Cape story is good it's it's not the
only good indie game you want to know
you want to know good and I know it's
really an indie game I'm not sure but
what's good yeah mark mark of the ninja
yeah we're doing that game is awesome
we're gonna do it okay cape stars all
right it's just it's a little it's a
little light for me there's a little
yeah
what did you guys yeah that's it looks
like they say do you like her or do you
like like right it's like perfectly
valid away did you die in the game or
are you really dead is it game over
that's a value
yeah we were we don't know what the buzz
is either we'll work on that oh yeah
they're very sorry I think it's the game
from the mics when we're not talking it
raises the background ambient noise this
is this is somewhat experimental here
tonight yeah this is our first real
stream and I'm gonna call it a 70%
success oh my god did you see that tree
yeah that was awesome was that useless
yeah is this like a hardcore Sonic game
what the fuck was that
that was awesome by the way see former
23 that's kind of a joke previously
recorded live oh yeah so we could get to
this point yeah we think it's really
funny hotline Miami is amazing yes
you're right that's a really good Indian
that's what I got a play that's oh you
really do it's really fun that's a
really fun thing
yeah yes sonic doesn't need to be cool
about fire safety
Jayde you get it I'm shooting a look
right now you see every brain is so deaf
he's gonna blow up the forest more you
see the forest was stylistically meant
to blow up this way there's no yeah-oh
it's like pyrotechnic it burns exactly
by the way for rich and I both love FTL
oh yeah that's another graph DL is one
of the greatest we can't really do it
because we both already played it yeah
we can on the show just because we can't
get a good reaction of us experiencing
it because we've already experienced it
yeah but we agree that FTL is amazing
possible we could just stream FTL we
could stream I feel absolutely oh this
is oh my god don't touch the red ones
first time I ever did that and I wasn't
used to the controls it's very weird
you don't move he just keeps walking and
you turn him left to right yeah oh my
god that's great oh yeah of course
you guys whoever said that there's only
one good in the game everyone is
mentioning all the good ones like V V V
V V V anything made by Terry Cavanaugh
is a great indie game
I'm lost you bet you've never played
maybe we beat them oh you should what is
it it's a really great Indian so I'm
saying there's only one good indie video
game that's not sure it all one good
action movie exactly but there's no way
that's possible ya know when we know
about the new expansions FTL and that's
great I am NOT in time to play with it
yet I'm looking forward to it oh yeah
there's some really fun stuff mind
control mind control you can - girl the
enemies - like blah blah oh wait I keep
dying for no reason do you see the
spikes on the lawn no there's spikes of
all it rolls or spikes on the log this
is Charlie Rich Evans will have your
babies he's taking applications right
now I will have the babies or they will
have my things
it says rich Evans I love you have my
baby oh that's fine I have not played up
anyway you what have you played any we
you know I can't justify buying a system
that's gonna be dead in a year exactly
wait like wait until maybe this
Christmas and the wheat will be a
hundred bucks and that it'll be worth it
they'll be a good Mario game yeah one
once it's cheap enough minute wait until
the weed dies and then you can get all
the games and the Wii for just Lauren
just like the Dreamcast I bought a
Dreamcast for 75 bucks oh yeah yeah
Plata should have some Power Stone the
month before it was 200 yes vvvvv is the
one that looks like a Commodore 64 Terry
Cavanagh is also the guy who made he
made super hexagon which is a really
great okay mobile phone game you know
you know what's an interesting indie
game papers police papers please yes
that's a great one
I usually heard of that
where I would have heard of it from but
probably probably you it's a it's a game
about communist bureaucracy yeah yeah
papers please is one of those is a great
example of a game that like doesn't make
sense as a game where you're literally
it's super fascinating and the style of
it is just perfect the music extra man
we get out of here and I just Tramp
forever
I'm trapped forever alright go up here
okay oh is the best Star Trek game that
is true that's what I keep telling
everyone except for rich Evans made a
really good point about FTL and a Star
Trek game is there's no pacifism option
yeah I think the flaw of FTL is the only
thing that makes sense gameplay wise is
constantly fighting and getting more
resources I I think the game would be
more interesting much more interesting
not that it isn't already interesting if
there were a pacifistic route you can go
out and playing the game I'm talking
there I'm handing the controller to Jack
if you could beat FTL if you're like
diplomacy there's like an other paths
you can take for victory
I think the game would be better I agree
all these times where they give you the
app you know do you want to fight or do
you want to stay out of it and it almost
never makes sense to get uninvolved and
to not fight because you need those
resources and you need to get stronger
and you need to build up a chip right
you know the only thing that matters is
it whether you destroy them or destroy
them in a sneaky way to get more
resources yeah I agree if there was some
sort of fun make peace with these people
and then you have this Ally and that
Ally helps you out in battle even though
your ship is weak something like that
then it would truly be Star Trek yes get
out my jam Jimmy Jam hungry let's go to
Jimmy jabs
nice no no one will get that joke is it
does not everyone have a Jimmy John's oh
my god there's January chances Jimmy
jams isn't quite like Jimmy John's
I mean it's it's got Subway sandwiches
but they all have Jam up that would be
great unfortunately still the same
sandwiches like oh my god
a tail tied turn-screw tails
it's gonna you know we're doing so much
talking we have to come back and replay
these this is a warm-up yeah
what do you wanna do
check for come on
okay hold on guys we got paused again
for a second okay I'm just gonna say
things I guess hello everybody my name
is rich thank you guys we're gonna pause
the stream just for hey guys we're back
we think let's find out in a second when
the stream pops up on the computer I
figured it out I am a Mac user and I'm
streaming through windows using a dual
boot and it creates some problems
sometimes Jack Hayes pcs I do a pcs ID
not pcs I just dislike the Windows
operating system I just like it now yeah
windows 8 is terrible yeah he's kind of
he's kind of just like first you like a
Robotnik henchman I don't know how this
works I think he's just causing
shenanigans I don't think he's an actual
villain we ran into him and we knocked
our cast and worlds out I don't I don't
understand anything about any of the son
of characters okay that's fair enough
does anybody know thank you
does anybody write it like sonic story
stuff it's all Greek to me
yeah yeah yeah I don't I don't know if
anyone knows it oh oh fuck this is right
where Jay died I think oh there's air
ah fuck you I upgrade to winters winders
winders that's my favorite operator when
the dual boot works great and it allows
me to play more video games and stream
stuff so I feel like that I may become
the Linux user I may go that route yeah
yeah I hear good thing you know it's
just like there's there's all there's
all sorts of compatibility issues with
every operating system except Windows
which has everything is it possible to
put a Mac operating system on a computer
that's not a Mac actually no I don't you
can put Windows on a Mac but I don't
believe you can put Mac on a Windows
someone might know better than me though
of course you can do that all you need
to do is sub kernel your upper beat the
old sub kernel and I'm underwater again
I've lost tails somewhere oh fucking
hell
that's the only of two viewers this
thing screwed up man well we might I
have to our everybody live everybody
left the pods per second installed aback
operating system on Windows I would
believe that I ran out of air heck and
tush Macintosh yeah okay
that make sense it's it's all all
windows components and and uh maybe you
can it I don't know I'd listen I don't
know okay I'm like a Macintosh when I
get home yeah oh I have no idea where
I'm going I don't hit the classics but
I'm gonna look forward to streaming a
different game I'm sure sonic just okay
you might you might get bear can you get
enough are you drownded that air bubble
didn't come fast enough
yeah screw sonic I'm okay with I'm okay
with that sediment the sentiment oh my
fucking god
Mike Stoke class I had better things to
do tonight yeah
are there better things to do tonight
than play a 25 year old video game yes
the answer is just about anything
Mike's took the sahay's video games yes
that's really true he was here in the
day earlier and he was just kind of
harassing me while I deliberately
walking in front of the screen plenty of
things saying you know what's this yeah
that's pretty funny yeah because he
doesn't give a fuck what the end bosses
one of the bosses I think he just kept
distracting me and I was dying wasn't
good it wasn't good
oh oh here I am I'm a thang posse rat
oh my god
follow the right diet yeah this is
there's somebody who agrees with you
sonic games are always kind of bad yeah
and I I just don't understand why Sonic
is such a huge part of gaming history
oh I beat him apparently yeah we'll get
into that when we actually make an
episode about this if we end up making
the episode about this I think we can
tell probably well we're making we're
making an episode about sign that's why
we're playing Sonic and the design is
counter-intuitive they sell it with
speed speed speed fast fast fast and if
you try to play it that way doesn't work
that well he ended up dying one oh my
god ah like we did a kind of a little
unofficial test while we played a little
bit of Sonic 1 we did one run through
where I was going fast I could kept
hitting things constantly then I did one
that was slow and steady and we did
quite well
oh you're dead yeah those two break on
through to the other game oh I love the
doors fucking hell
view or yeah don't get that's ugly sin
that is ugly and it's because they were
trying to get a 3d model we gotta
continues already I am bad how God I'm
sorry everyone I'm gonna try again I'm
gonna try again cuz because what else
are we gonna do this is what we got this
is how it literally we only have a
Genesis and Sonic 1 - it's all we
brought with us today and why why
wouldn't we have it is a big deal this
is this is generation 1 Genesis we can I
know all the game stars are closed
am i playing no I'm not playing you know
if we you know you all you hipsters and
your got to play it on the original
console if I had a computer with an
emulator hooked up in this yet we could
play whatever we wanted right now but
that's not to say I just turned up oh
you can play oh here you go
yeah I would like to play punch-out I
can play that long punchouts the best
I'm gonna play is just tales actually
it's not a super punch-out a super
punch-out is amazing yeah I heard we
Punjab nobody's heard of we the supers
no he's not a super punch-out because
Mike Tyson didn't have anything to do
with it it didn't get the same press but
it's a much better game in my opinion
okay and then there was recently
punch-out on the Wii which is also great
what a super pumped out did it have some
of the same
people that you fought both bulls in it
Oh King Hippo King Hippo yeah he's not a
member he's in the wee one
bumble isn't super macho man's in it the
Sandman's in it but I think those are
the old a holdover again same amazing
there's a guy who plays an awful lot
like glass Gerald is it he cut I think
it's really glass show that's some old
guys Gabi Jay in a super punch-out Super
Nintendo oh I thought we were talking
about we now that we won they're all
classic characters oh please yes please
like this please
you fight why would you not be tails you
can fly there's gotta be some drawback
ah yeah let's say the drawback is fine
it's great that wasn't that was that was
only in the super punch-out ah maybe I
might've okay I'll take that back I
can't remember the roster oh oh oh ah
the Irish night Aaron right
whatever somebody nobody gives a fuck
about I just I just lost half our
fucking audience punch out huh yeah you
know what fuck it flying
you don't need to worry about anything
cuz a fucking flying yeah this seems
almost like a cheap yeah that you're
able to do it's great fun you know what
I am over here fucking flying Ryan I got
magic shoes you don't use it once and
then never again
vodka drew Kinski I loved him oh yeah
they changed his name the soda pop in
ski in the yeah it was only the American
it was only vodka drunken ski like in
arcades right yeah yeah we met have been
in Japan I don't know what they think
maybe it was just the arcade Oh
summarize get away is what good as his
name was in Japan he was the most fun to
fight
guys I'm doing the moonwalk I just want
to I just want to put this out there
during the moonwalk someone walking over
again I apologize firm Jack yeah I'm
fucking excited you know why climb right
know what's going on I did not see
blindfolded speedruns of punch-out but
I'm I'm not surprised it's possible
that's very funny I'm not surprised at
all because that whole game is is
pattern memorization my height I think I
knocked out the champ and sip and punch
out like 10 seconds you know just how to
do it oh I bet does well the champ
didn't have any little tricks like
everyone else kind of had their rhythm
but the check I thought the champ was
champ would break your arms like
literally you couldn't punch with one
arm after he wouldn't do some kind of
move with it oh yeah yeah
I was about to miss my jump and then I
remembered I could fucking fly Oh at the
end it's okay at the end
Super Metroid has a great loo look I
don't think I ever tried to moonwalk in
Super Metroid I haven't played that game
in many many years
you know what I died we Mike Tyson
played punch-out and he was horrible at
it well that's that's a real shock that
real boxing skills wouldn't touch people
in real life it's almost like he's a
real athlete you got what you got what
you got what you got what you got
fucking tails oh you got nothing
playing it safe one head at a time
oh you're finally playing as tails to be
to be perfectly honest until five
minutes ago I didn't even know you could
play us this is all brand new we're so
bad at this people already saw us play
this level because we died I had to
start over no oh I suppose listen this
is uh this is what we got people this is
an anti treatment this is what we're
doing you didn't come here for tip
tricks tips and tricks I hold no you
want me to give some tips and tricks on
playing sonic absolutely I played for 20
minutes today so now I'm an expert yeah
oh I gotta think
Wow yeah what do you think about the
Packers this year I hate the Packers oh
yeah I'm from Chicago so go fuck
yourself hey I'm from Illinois and I
like the Packers but that's my theater
long so we can even live forever you
want for I don't care this is what I
hate the Packers I think I found the
thing I hate the Packers I don't really
care about the Brewers one way or the
other and has anybody even heard of the
books it's sad but true
yeah the answer is no by the way oh my
god this is horrifying
it made me nauseous yes is the answer
thoughts on the WiiU huh because he came
in late we kind of talked about it um
none of us haven't were you surprised
surprised doesn't seem worth it to buy a
console that probably won't exist in a
year isn't the way all these consoles
are at this point don't we just keep
making new ones no I mean I'll probably
pick one up in a year when you can buy
when used for $75 and then I'll win
three games bundles
yeah and I'll finally play Super Mario
World 3d but I'm not buying one ooh yeah
that's for sure
no they don't have the titles in and
it's too expensive and it will it you
will be able to find it for $75 later
this year they don't have the titles yet
and I think they're gonna fail before
they get to that yeah but that's fine
you know why Nintendo's the comeback kid
I don't hate Nintendo I mean I was fan
of the gamecube gamecube was great yeah
a Gamecube got a lot of hate I loved it
I loved Super Mario Sunshine mr. Mario
Sunshine a lot of people bitch about
that one that's great that's a crime the
yellow water gun yeah
it's very sunshine it's great oh oh what
did that oh yeah that's right I can
fucking fly that's right I'm a useful
character now please talk about Zelda
Maura
rich what is your favorite I'm really
fond of both Wind Waker and Link to the
Past I don't know which I'd say I like
more but those would be my favorite
Zelda games I think those are fair
choices jack you like which one you like
a car alright I like a Karina Karina
whatever okarin a flute a flute of time
I enjoy a flute of time yes it would say
something about the Macarena I did enjoy
a flute of time I uh I don't know if I
would call that my favorite it's it's
tough all the Zelda games I really liked
Twilight Princess I thought that might
be my second favorite I guess I hope
they did some really great things and I
loved swinging that Wiimote around like
a sword I thought that was really I
thought that worked really played the
GameCube version first I thought I was
fine it's fine either way
yeah yeah well I think I think there are
some hate for for Twilight Princess I
think there's a lot of people don't like
waggling the sword oh I really I was
into it waggle all right I like the
sword
yeah yeah we're not talking about
masturbation
whoa whoa what are those LT games oh you
know what I even like the law I really
like the ones for the DS mostly because
they were in the Wind Waker world and
Wind Waker has got to be one of the
greatest Elva games
I've never played Majora's Mask a lot of
culture culture love that cult
Oh cult love it does and I have never
gotten past the first stage because it
frustrates me to shit yeah so maybe I
don't know maybe it's great I've never
played it for the the stupid reason that
I I hate the character model of young
link I don't think young link is in that
one that's all young like Majora's Mask
it's just such an ugly character model I
mean fair enough never bought the game
that was my reason fuck you I don't have
to look his ugly mug for forty calling
the kettle black
people I have never played Star Wars
Knights of the Old Republic because I
stopped caring about Star Wars roughly
at around the time the Phantom Menace
came out and I fucking hated that game
because of well-regarded game right I
think I played it once
leave your head I know you hit the
combat does that mean your combat I
hated the fucking dial I hate fucking
dialog trees the fucking Bioware stop
making games no no keep making games cuz
other people like them I just don't give
a shit that one trees are good but the
story becomes exponentially more
important yeah sure that's fine whatever
it's not my game it's not my kind of
game you don't complain about a Mario
games story but exactly if you're
dealing with a game with a lot of
dialogue tree type stuff you need a good
story sure
oh yeah sure good no good writing good
characters other people are into it and
that's fine I just I fucking hated it
and the kite and maybe it was cuz I
didn't understand the combat but and I
like I like turn-based RPG combat but
that was one of those games that existed
in the realm of like is kind of
turn-based and it's kind of not you know
which which I never much cared for like
follow like Fallout New Vegas
I just I never got into that kind of
combat because I either want it to be
turn-based or not turn-based it's hard
to wrap my head around both because I'm
done there are people asking me to rant
about Mass Effect 3 which just just
basically you don't have five hours I
hate that game I despise it and if you
run around more about how I think about
it I recently somewhere on the brother
media forums I had a rant and you could
read about it there it's in one of the
previously recorded threats you were
saying that not not to get too deep into
it sure but you were saying that it even
ruined the first two Mass Effect's yeah
because the first two mass effects are
just kind of depressing now here's what
I always say about the rest of the
series now it feels like a funeral march
you know what's coming and it just feels
like the long slow march to that
depressing fucking Mass Effect 3 it's
really sad
that's really sad and I'm sorry I
haven't played any womb yeah cuz I don't
much care for my eyes games
but that's just me secret jammie-jams
rich do a half in the bag about Mass
Effect 3 I don't think that's the
appropriate forum you guys know that
half in the bag is a moot movie sure
that's a I'll just barge in when you and
J episode Days of Future past and you
listen to me that'll go over great whoa
hello
oh my god oh my god yay do it oh fuck
you fuck you a little car with eyes what
are you doing
being a car with eyes you don't know
what you're doing you're just a car with
eyes modern modern Bioware's terrible
well everybody left the company after
Mass Effect 3 folders for like two
doctors did they leave because of not
officially but I think the timing was
kind of weird
what like the head writer for the first
two left during the development of three
they left at some point how am I
supposed to kill this guy if I can just
I can I have to kill him to break the
thing to go to the level to go down I
don't know charge in oh that's right
they got the charge I'm tonight we've
been we've been playing this game now
from I mean what eight hours we were
playing sonicator eight hours in it and
eventually I will learn how to play them
that's right I'm gonna get you I'm gonna
get you oh I can't I can't I know I
can't I know the answer answering a
question here Mass Effect 3 did not get
a different ending added to it it
actually got the bad endings explained
in further depth what I was trying to do
what I really mean is 3 but like just
just doesn't like someone says something
stupid and then they try and backtrack
kind of I just added more details ok TAS
can swim
it's last triple a title that I actually
enjoyed let's get a question I'm
enjoying Grand Theft Auto 5 I liked
arkham city that was a while ago now
it's probably another one I can't think
of what it would have been though
there's not a triple there's not a lot
of triple-a titles on any pokemon game
I've never played both laughs I was like
graduating high school when that came
out yeah so we're playing Sonic right
now sonic sonic came out when I was a
kid I I am allowed to have nostalgia for
Sonic but it is impossible for me to
have nostalgia for Pokemon any any
Pokemon games are taking you your lot
sir I've got nothing against people who
like it it's just I don't have the
nostalgia for it I'm hooking part of my
channel right it wasn't part of my
childhood
well that's good for your check i I know
I I i started playing poke him oh my god
why do you tonton what did you eat tails
I started playing Pokemon for the first
time when I worked at a used video game
store and you know we had all the other
consoles and whatnot and we had a Game
Boy Advance and the copy Pokemon and I
started to play it
during a two-week pay period
I played 40 hours of Pokemon and I work
there full-time so literally one week of
a two-week pay period was just playing
Pokemon at the store and I only played
at the store anyway it's the greatest
game someone who's SP if I'm my thoughts
are on Arkham Knight it's gonna be the
new of the new Batman game that's coming
out no I actually know next to nothing
about it I've only seen the trailer then
one thing I could say about the game I'm
looking forward to it because who's
making it but the costume looks terrible
they're going look like looks like
they're only look armor-plated Batman
which I hate yeah yeah Batman doesn't
need to be Iron Man there's already Iron
Man be a fucking ninja right right
Batman is a ninja
oh no oh no get the thing everybody that
we have to do Dark Souls on the show
it's apply to everybody Dark Souls play
darts a great game I just haven't played
it yet I've heard nothing but good
things about Dark Souls and we'll see
what we can do
we'll see if we get past the stage we'll
see if we can get past sonic how about
that I was playing yeah this is but
here's where I'm getting further okay oh
my god Oh No what were you just saying
we can't beat that boss I'm very sorry
everyone you gotta be Sonic the Hedgehog
guy with the missiles we can't beat him
so how are we gonna probably gonna be
dark souls to be fair we're letting
ourselves be very distracting that's
true yeah and this is our fruit oh my
god this is the first time streaming and
so we're doubly extract distract most
400 people watch it really okay thanks
for watching everybody try that to the
well fridge register my dream so thanks
for watching us be idiots your money's
worth
oh no speaks
oh my god Wolverine is a ninja is he
Wolverine is a ninja
ah no Wolverine is not a ninja no he
spent a lot of time in Japan he's a thug
that's what makes a Wolverine cool
Raphael is a thug yeah exactly
Wolverine is the Raphael of x-men I
can't argue with that
okay the only reason I call them a thug
is cuz you called Raffaella fight before
and fucking fucking fucking get out the
fucking shit wait is that what the hand
as for does he help me oh my god what
rich do you like Shin Megami Tensei
that's fair that's fair
you got another shim again yeah
stop jumping out of those no the hand
the hand yeah those and throw your hand
helps you oh he helps you yes
Hey what the fuck why was I supposed to
know that why would you assume that
everything else is trying to kill you I
see a hand to come out of the ground and
I go full what do they call man Zelda
but here's the most astute coming how
are you so bad at Sonic how am I so bad
I don't know it's just fabulous just
happy it's a talent I've been working at
being really bad been really trying not
to play my fingers are greased with oh
my god
oh my god something's happening oh my
god fuck everything everything's moving
I was gonna okay great
brawler's shoot-'em-up be yeah it's it's
made but the same people who did
vanquish I love vanquish I'd probably
love Bayonetta but I haven't played it
yeah yeah I enjoy that kind of like
brawler fighter I know I know the main
character is naked and her clothing is
her hair wrapped around her who I enjoy
that I enjoy naked ladies in general so
that's all I know about okay great oh
wait get in the hand they said guys
someone keeps saying to play dragon
souls they say it over and over and over
dragon souls yeah so you better stop
playing Sonic right now and just start
playing that like I sure what's new much
dragon souls I don't know does it work
on the Genesis 16 cuz that's all we got
if it plays on the Genesis and we have
the cartridge we'll play it how about
that oh fuck fuck you fucking funny any
thoughts on X come I fucking love
accident I fucking love it I like
turn-based shooters and and that game is
so enjoyable
we'll probably play that at some point I
would like to play that that's on my
list of games that I want to definitely
have to play that at something rich
loves it so yes we will play X come one
of these days jack rich will teach me
how to play XCOM I've been here before I
feel like I've been here before
they reuse a lot of the same assets a
lot it might it might be a repeat of the
different area but they use the same
graphic oh sure sure
I got coins so maybe it wasn't in a
different area
the original I'm assuming the original X
comments we're talking about I think the
original X come I'm loving the new one
though I know you get you know it's not
as deep as the old one but that's right
I gotta say I think the new one's more
fun to play not that there's not a spot
for the old X hop there's still room for
it in my heart did you find play
whatever but right now I've been playing
and I'm loving the door version
fuck you knuckles I can fly ah think
you're being cool getting rid of my
bridge look at me I'm a flying
motherfucker you can't do nothing I'm
laughing too okay I'm done
this is my least favorite to watch of
the three sonic games that you've been
playing today yeah this is gonna bore me
it's probably why I was the last of the
classic sonic games no I think it was
there was a four I think we're not that
I know I'm pretty sure CD came before
yeah yeah thanks man run to the other
the other jams I think in general I just
always hated play water levels in any
video game I don't know why there was I
remember one of the Ninja Turtle games
you have to swim through water and I
hated it oh yeah I don't got any Mario
game I hated it yeah and this is the
first level like this is what you saved
for level 2 or 3 you need a normal
simple level Jay rich Jack please don't
let tonight's horrible chat dissuade you
from streaming I don't think the chats
been that bad we all we always got a
band button the stuff that rich has been
reading has been fine it's not so how
about that your favorite things find
everybody
and not getting sucked in these stuff
now everyone hates water level so I got
to think of a good one this probably I
feel like I belong this video games okay
who has planned no one here obviously no
one in the room with me but on the
Internet Rayman Origins their water
levels are brilliant and Atmospheric and
wonderful and controlled but those
levels control like normal levels is the
thing but Rayman Origins great water
levels are usually frustrating there's a
lot of times with water levels you walk
slower in the water right and nobody
likes that well with Roman origins you
you're swimming but you know it still
feels the same as the rest of the game
come on that's one giant no one likes
Ecco the Dolphin we just read that as
you said it really yeah like right as it
came out of your mouth the video game
people we know the references he has
water temple that was fuckin ass yeah a
lot of temples ass be paid you have any
comments about the water double water
temple family went there on vacation
look I own Samia Jack you just say water
temple you don't say what game it's from
and we know what you're talking about
but Jane just lost I don't know I'm not
going to either
that's my income fuck yes fucking help
fucking fuck
fuckity fuck fuck now I know I got to
jump up on the thing I know I do so I'm
gonna keep spending rich what are your
thoughts on Wolverine 2013 we keep
spamming that so you can go fuck
yourself Kozinski nice yeah you see what
this nicest fucking guy I've ever met
and that man especially considering what
we said about him yeah that man can talk
old shitty movies oh my god yeah we had
him everyone had seen our wall of crappy
movies at the studio and he would go
through every single one tell you who
directed it who produced it the house
that distributed it he knew everything
about everything as far as shitty movies
were concerned yeah when he came up we
didn't know what was gonna happen
we had no idea what to expect I think at
one point we were unsure whether he got
on the plane that was Mike it's just a
really fuck us over we would play to pay
for the plane ticket and then you just
wouldn't get
hey guys now here's a super nice yes
super nice guy
flying flying flying
what is the Citizen Kane of gaming and
your opinions well so Citizen Kane is
the Citizen Kane of movies because it
was the first to utilize cinematography
as a storytelling element sure if we're
gonna get all crazy nerdy I think they
just want to say what is the best game
what is the best way of writing so so
the question is what game took took a
game mechanic and used it as a story
structure he used it as a as a game play
and I want to say it's Metroid that
half-life no no before that
Metin in Metroid you know it's it's all
about it's all about loneliness and
discovery and that's one of the biggest
game mechanics is it is you know not not
getting pieces if you're mapped right
away having to backtrack having to gain
your ability so I want to say that's the
first game to use mechanics as a
storytelling element and that's just off
the top my head I might be a big asshole
what I know about it in terms of gaming
in general but as far as first-person
games that's life I think might be the
first game that did storytelling stuff
in depth but I'm the one asshole on the
planet who hasn't played half like that
one half-life came out my computer
couldn't handle it the time I had a
decent pure half-life was all deuce so I
actually missed out on half-life oh man
everyone's gonna scream at me in this
chat though well yeah I think like
half-life half-life spawn of those rare
games that can handle a story without
without cutscenes and without shoving it
in your face
you know without cutscenes without text
breaks it tells the story only through
gameplay and I think that's really
important I think games have done it
before then before him
before it where am I I'm lost
mists of gaming no no mist is not the
Citizen Kane video game it might be a
card name as well I think you know it's
a card game that's something this I have
magic you mean I don't know I'm probably
I don't know ok whoever said that is
wrong how about that hey you know what
mist is pretty good I like Frank
Darabont
I thought movie Joe actually really do
like the movie the most have you ever
seen inject we saw that Tommy no no yeah
we were there at the Palomino for some
reason and it was on in the background
oh and both of us kept breaking our
conversation to watch bits of it I know
memory this and then all of a sudden we
were just like should we just watch the
mist and we just watched the rest of the
mist when was this why do I believe it
was ages ago weird are we still playing
this no I'm not playing it oh did I die
die I did
all right what's what's the plan for the
night do how many people are there
watching
there's 468 you guys want us to go we
could go back to Sonic 1 I didn't get a
chance to play a lot of Sonic 1 because
I was Sonic 3 really sucks you guys you
guys want to keep watching it do you
want to go to bed we'll put it to you we
can play for a little bit longer the
Stanley parable it's a very interesting
game you can even call it a game I just
got it it was just on Steam sale and I
just got it I'm really excited to play
it haven't yet though I have not yet I'm
very that's that's more like Anna well
don't read the chat because everybody's
gonna start spoiling about play missed
no missed on the Genesis and do we have
the cartridge in front of us that's we
will only have three games here we have
sonic the sonic 2 sonic 3 that's all we
could do people
oh look at that sass I don't like that
you don't like that Sonic's ass right
off the bat but he's bad boy Jay he's a
bad boy he's not he's not your Grandpa's
Mario he's here skateboard and eat tacos
what he's he ain't got nothing to do to
play jokes is to our brains and turn to
mush video plays super Noah's Ark give
at a game oh yes super Noah's Ark 3d you
know what they did some Christian group
Wolfenstein 3d and replaced all the
sprites with like animals
really yeah oh my god it's a Christian
first-person shooter oh my god that'd be
great but it's like a blatant rip that's
like the same levels as Wolfenstein sure
it's inflated I've seen it that's really
fine
monkey island knows earlier on the chef
at somebody mention monkey island I just
I guess I like adventure games for some
reason I never ended up playing any of
the monkey did you play anything like
the old Lucas art stuff um like I was
more of a sierra guy Oh Space Quest
King's Quest
yeah those a love quest well you got to
go on a good quest West for glory
bye I love maniac mansion yeah maniac
mansions fun
that's the Luke starts LucasArts game I
did you put rendang go girl it's amazing
and I never got around to now and did
you play day of the tentacle I like Tim
Schafer's so I would love it that's like
the sequel to me I know well you know
what you know what my issue with a lot
of Lucas aren't some venture games are
point-and-click a lot of the early
Sierra games
it was partnered I think it was parser
ru you typed what you did oh yeah you
don't like the point in the clinic I
don't because it's just you click until
you find what you can click on yeah and
that's how you solve the puzzle
yeah they don't stare games you have to
think about what you did use this in
this Wayne you type that in it would do
it wasn't keep clicking on the thing
until you're able to click on it and
that's how you know you're right sure
sure
I really um I really like there's a
there's a newer point-and-click
adventure game that's very very nice and
pretty smacking area my canary muckin
area my robots about the mech arena I'm
talking about them it's called Macarena
and and you have to you have to go how
you could do the Casilla like I do it's
it's pretty good
I play that wedding was mostly it's a
wedding sim
oh my god for anyone who doesn't know
what's going on now if someone just
keeps saying the same message over and
over today just ban them even if it's
not offensive know that I'm doing yeah
it's fine all these requests for
darksouls though I think the next
episode we do is definitely gonna have
to be Nintendogs again where you grow a
dog you gonna test you and it has to be
pretty little puppy you're gonna be a
mom oh oh my god they got dogs already
no they haven't heard things that people
just keep saying over Helder is what one
of them is if they sign up for our
patreon will you sing the peepee song
oh my pee pee song people love that
that's good you are figuring how you can
highly let a few like I hear either way
no you should sign up for the patreon
for exclusive behind-the-scenes videos
and you can hear my pee pee song anytime
you want on YouTube you don't need me to
sing it but if you want me to sing it I
will absolutely sing my pee pee song do
you think now that we've answered that
will they stop posting it over and over
no probably probably posted more oh
that's right in Sonic 1 you cannot rip
up yeah I kept trying to rev up and you
cannot rip up in Sonic 1 which is fine
that is fine really careful roughing up
all that much yeah yeah we oh how did we
get that oh I got the Oh the super shoes
they're super suits back here
forgot about the super shoes should you
send more copies of nuki yes Jay's got
like a new key thing gone understand I'm
an obsession now where it's like whoa BM
we have six but we could have more you
know what was that one guy what movie is
that he wants to collect every copy of
the speed - or speed Jerry Maguire
no well Jerry Maguire is the everything
is terrible people right and you eat
they have like like six seven thousand
copies but there's someone else that's
been making the rounds cuz he has I
think it's just speed he is like five
hundred copies of speed that's nothing
compared to me everything is terrible
this his stated goal though is to own
them all that's every VHS catheter wants
to do that Rogerian the buyer to but
they have thousands of copies yeah
that's way more impressive to those guys
five hundred copies of speed
Jade did you guys film the bit you shot
up rich with toy guns and it doesn't do
anything back when you did the first
spider-man review or did you go back and
film that for this episode no we did
that back when we shot it yes you can
even look at Jays beer he said he's not
rocking the beard battle you know it at
the time I was gonna come back sooner I
was gonna come back for like the George
Lucas episode right but the VCR plots I
don't remember
we're gonna do something with that and
then we never did then we just kind of
had this footage of me being shot not
dying Jack you were bad at things this
is true about a lot of things sonic
sonic is one of those things that I am
bad at I'm bad at many things
calligraphy and writing in general I'm
fairly bad at did you guys put the ninja
movie you wanted to see the least behind
Jesse's picture because you knew that
Lynde would never punch that one or did
you leave it empty
no there was movies behind every one of
them I think Mike put him there so I
don't know what was yeah each at each
face but we assumed that he probably
would not punish Jesse there wasn't any
thought behind the movie that went
behind her picture
there might have been like this is one
we want to watch the least so we put it
there possibly but I possibly simply
answers possibly yeah I didn't put the
tapes back there so I don't know yeah
what's your favorite console that's a
dumb question shouldn't have a favorite
console should have a favorite game I'm
a console agnostic my favorite console
is the PC
I've enjoyed playing more games on the
PC than I think any console on I don't
know if that's just cuz I'm older now
and I'm I have time for games or I'm
appreciating games a little bit more but
all I play games now on is the PC and so
I I love the PC sure as I absolutely
need my mouse and keyboard but I kind of
hate the fact that you can't get a PC
game right now without online DRM so if
something ever goes wrong there copy and
their servers don't have the game on it
anymore you're fucked
I can't stand that welcome to the future
of gaming and that's it just don't be
the dark dystopian future gaming is the
joyous world that is gaming they have
all the control over content you
purchased yeah then they give us the
good games and you just got to deal with
some of the some minor oh yeah somebody
mention good old games yeah I love them
but not everything is on Good Old Games
they do copy a drm-free Canadian for ya
gog magog yeah good old it says for good
or gran but gog and you can get a lot of
old pc games and some newer games and
they're so the best of my knowledge
completely drm free they just you
download the game there's the executable
and do it over the fuck you want with it
I can if I can buy a game off of them
rather than steam I'll do it yeah yeah
that's that's what I got a deal
I don't have it on Steam I got it I got
it oh gee oh gee uh okay and you know I
I enjoy I I would rather have the
community and I would rather have the
little achievements in the know if you
want to be shackled to the man Jack I do
I do want to shack up tonight you want
to be shackled to a man is that Rita son
yes okay no Ritz we have different
opinions on this and it's okay to have
different opinions now the internet it's
not big pee everyone on the Internet
it's okay I agree with what you say oh I
disagree with that one thing you're the
worst
this I feel like this this feel more
sluggish after playing the third one
actually I this feels better after the
third one the third one it was really
hot phul this is I really enjoyed this
more another third one I didn't play
much of a second okay kid I remember who
did is it all Jade man I love you I was
getting extreme snow setup this feels
better well this feels way better than
the third though okay so I like this is
this place a fine platform or nothing
nothing else boink boink
I enjoy sound effects
I got ten thirty hey guys just to let
you know it's 10:30 versus Mario Mario
that's there's no question in my mind
Oh games that's all they said sonic
versus Mario I don't know is there a
sonic where's Mario game well they're
smash brothers
I love smash brothers I guess Sonic and
Mario Olympics is kind of sign I sure
know I never played that but as a
character as a franchise Mario Mario
Holy's Mario Mario Mario Mario yeah of
course Mario Sonic has always been kind
of lame my opinion all right Mario no I
these are the noises I make wait wait
hey everybody I kinda want to have an
energy drink but it's also 10:30 because
I'm feeling kind of sleepy oh fuck
fucking shit fuckin ass fuck you guys
you played any of the bioshock's you
guys I played one do you like I love the
art style I'm really played it though
didn't play what No oh my god here you
could take over and I'll talk about
BioShock Infinite
at times it's brilliant at other times
it's pretentious okay and yeah there's
too much fuckin looting going on I wish
you could search as many bins cuz you
waste so much time so you got a few
coins and yeah it ruins the pacing like
I guess I could just not do it
but but no that's that's that's the
gamer in you a bit you might lose
something amazing so you have to loot it
yeah exactly
exactly that's the game it kills the
pacing that game
Bioshock 1 here's I I really enjoyed the
the the spoiler at the end the surprise
the would you kindly I really thought
that was a nice commentary on games in
general here's my one big problem though
sure Bioshock is all about choices you
know you get a morality system and and
you're supposed to make these choices in
it if it affects the game the one choice
you don't get to make is in the very
beginning you see you go down to uh oh
god what's a call that's gonna Wow
rapture you go to you go down to rapture
and you fight off a guy and then you see
a dirty rusty syringe on the floor and
your first instinct is to plunge it into
your arm
it's a dirty rusty syringe with glowing
goo in it and your character plunges it
into his arm with no warning and it ends
up giving you superpowers oh but how
would we know that like and as a player
what I was thinking is oh maybe I don't
want to plunge that syringe into my arm
and maybe I'll try to play the game
without I have played it just a twist to
entender explain that no no I you would
think you would think because you know
what the twist is you can smuggle it I
don't care ok guys I'm gonna I'm about
to spoil Bioshock spoil Bioshock lunch
but not for years now so I'm gonna split
Bioshock 1 so the twist at the end is
there's a guy who's talking to you on
the radio
and every once in a while he says would
you kindly go here and rescue this girl
and what you don't know is that you're
under mind control and so every time he
says would you kindly you have to do
whatever he says
and so then later in the game he says
would you kindly kill the president and
you don't necessarily want to but you do
anyway
and so it's a really cool thing about
like who's really in control and it was
really nice but he does not say would
you kindly stick that syringe in your
arm your character just does that and so
that really it took me out of the whole
choice thing and that really took me out
of the game because I did not want dirty
syringe with glowing goo and then the
end I went all good and and it was a
little this is gonna sound like a really
nitpicky complaint but it was a really
it was really schmaltzy the good ending
was really schmaltzy so but I'm fine I
was I was a good game if that's the
thing then I can say I why I guess I
guess why I just said okay is a good
game I did not play two or infinity I'm
not reading this I was talking about
bias out I told there are not five
hundred and thirty people watching you
play Sonic think about that for anyone
who's just playing through Bioshock I
gave a spoiler warning he coulda mute it
I'm sorry I'm sorry
that's the twist in the middle if it was
at the end
I don't listen it's been a while J what
is your favorite Metal Gear Solid game
and when I really like the second one J
what happened in the second Metal Gear
game oh that was a very drove around and
you've gotten hit by other cars sure was
always saying we're getting outta line J
that was dirty hair eat there was a
Dirty Harry video game there was no
really I remember the first goodness
Metal Gear Solid 2 though that's my
favorite I remember the first boss you
had to kick him in the groin oh my god
really
well this the great was positioned right
where the kick was I didn't play Deus Ex
did you play to say hey no no no I
didn't play Deus Ex I'm sorry we can't
talk about through sex I think the guy
looks like a tool the guy who's on the
cover of Deus Ex old one or the new one
and though if it's a kind of the same
guy with the weird glasses he looks like
a tool he does so I'm sorry
I have played the Shaq food game not the
new one
I played deal check full game and I
remember digging it because that was a
dumb kid they just didn't they just kick
start a new shampoo game I want to say
like they're making a new Shaq food game
really yeah yeah Wow you know what you
play what Charles Barkley shut up and
jam gave you oh is that a real fun that
was a joke thing it was like somebody
made a role-playing game it's like the
post-apocalyptic future and it's
supposed to be pretty crazy and I I want
to play NBA Jam me my brother played the
shit out of NBA jams
it's Michael I care about it's Michael
Jordan in it maybe yeah was there Space
Jam video that's good question
there probably was hey hey was there a
Space Jam video game could you guys did
you guys look it up I don't you know
what I don't know if there was how could
there not be a Space Jam video game
that's the real question
they recently breathed into the Space
Jam website Oh after 20 years later they
redid it I think that moves all charm a
Space Jam website I think it was our
short movie the great Space Jam that
finally I could have brought attention
to it sure
do we play organ do you play horror
games not really no I'm giving up fuck
about heart games and and I what does
someone asked Jack were you a Mac gamer
I'm still a Mac gamer I have a Mac I
dual boot to run Windows on my Mac so I
can be both but I I have a Mac and I
play games on it
there was a Space Jam game there was
this daisies I know oh my god I haven't
gotten that far yet
well shit no I know what you're getting
for Christmas yes a new bike yay I
haven't played last of us I haven't
either I here's here's the thing I hear
about last of us the reason why I
haven't played it cuz I heard it was
kind of ok yeah it's like I haven't
heard anything more I just don't I don't
know if I can care about zombies anymore
or fungus monsters or whatever is in the
last of us yeah yeah whatever I it's
hard for me to care about zombies
there's so many zombies
so can I spoil more games I can I can
spoil every game your your Adi gets
ripped out near the end of the first
thief game Oh spoiler alert like very
graphic she just one of the one of the
characters turns out to be a nature
goddess and she turns into like a tree
arm and and the tree bark arms oh yeah
fuck your eye out and they kind of show
it oh oh oh
okay who's a sport spoiler warning
warning for Legend of Zelda Ocarina of
Time the Sheik is actually Princess
Zelda you wanna you wanna your princess
is another castle hey guys she's not in
the first in the curse guess it's not my
first she's nothing for seven castles to
not hold on I've been sniffling I got
blow my nose all right I don't want to
step on the leg
oh god
I fuck it up
Sony's gotta talk I'm busy playing this
fucking game
describe what you're doing is if the
people I cannot see I am currently
ending the level I just ran by a sign
that's spun around and there's a sonic
on the side this is this has now turned
into a Mel Brooks commentary yeah
if anyone if anyone has ever bought a
DVD about books movie on DVD really
excited that he does a commentary don't
be what you freaking doesn't on the
Exorcist to doesn't there's actually two
commentaries with them one is
interesting and one is him describing
exactly what happens in the Mermaid Man
that's all Mel Brooks does during the
Spaceballs commentary is like oh now
this joke we thought it would be funny
and then he just explains the joke it's
the worst yeah it's just the worst
that's that's the thing with comedy you
can't explain it yeah just let it happen
Oh David Deus Ex not do sex or whatever
I said did you say Deus I don't know
idiot I am an idiot you know I'm an
idiot I've said it many times here on
this stream that I know me I know
nothing about most things yeah there's a
shack food - I know I'm very excited
about it
oh my god oh my god oh it was it now I
was dumped sorry guys I'm catching up on
a lot of the chat and trying to answer
questions I'm so sorry and you just
gotta let things go Jax they say what's
than out what is magicka have you heard
of Magica people who are asking magic
magic oh okay here's a story about magic
I'm a minor story in your shop don't get
this don't get excited it's not gonna
it's their game too much rich pause the
game arm will give you a minute response
the game he put his he put his finger up
as if to say as if to say this story you
are about to hear you change your life
you can combine magical powers they do
different things
oh my god oh my god we're I'm sorry guys
I have to scroll past so much of this
everything before the start I'm fuck now
yes I I have ever played
tf2 - forretress - my I've played it
once or twice what did you like it I
know that I kind of I kind of enjoyed
Team Fortress 2 you might not have been
here for the earlier part of the stream
my my Steam and xbox360 hours for Team
Fortress 2 is getting close to 1400
hours I really enjoy that game it's it's
one of my favorite games rich and I
recently played a triple-a first-person
shooter and I went right home and played
some tf2 afterwards and it made me
playing other first-person shooters
makes me appreciate the importance to
that much more
that one that started out as just a mod
team fortress classic was a mod of wait
half-life probably itself no oh no it
was a mod of counter-strike oh okay what
is a mod of I think yeah yeah I think so
and so so yeah but Team Fortress 2 is
just brilliant I've only played it with
the hats well but I started playing it
on the Xbox 360 so there was no hats
there was no there wasn't even any
payload there was no air blasts for
Pyro's they changed that much for the
360 over the 30 360 version had no
updates and since since then they have
updated the shit out of it it's great
ok ok why is my voice so deep in timber
it is because I'm ill I have a tiny head
cold and that makes me a dog
the Team Fortress 2 is dead alright beat
your your dragon souls person is back
and this is a different person
what is dragon souls someone again what
is dragon souls and this is available on
the genesis riot and 16-bit console I do
not because the new format from previous
recording we're only doing Genesis we
are only doing Genesis games that we
have in front of us which right now is
Sonic 1 2 or 3 I just see up here do i
here's the thing I did not like doom
doom doom I do my found far too ugly to
play the other thing you should know
about me and first-person shooters I've
been a console gamer my whole life every
time I used to play a first-person
shooter I would get motion sick I grew
up until my I can't nothing bad to say I
love the look of it I love the art style
oh I think it's so of sprites are great
there you're dumb yes again I agree with
you but I think they're ugly and it
would make me motion sick because
because I'm a big I'm a big pansy
play Sonic Spinball I would love to play
Sonic Spinball any pinball game we
should play tomb is the best do you
people care about Sonic in general
should we do more Sun streaming you mean
in general like are people interested in
sauna yeah this Simon's got fan base and
are there just some kind of weird loud
fringe group okay because I think Sonic
fans are just a bunch of furries and
when they draw a picture picture of
themself was like a gerbil in a bikini
and I think it's turned on by small
woodland creatures cookie I don't know I
mean it's not it's not as bad as I was
thinking and what it would be a Sonic
oh my god
Splatterhouse oh I tried to play the
original splatterhouse once I don't know
how it's aged because I haven't played
that in a long time but I've never liked
it at the time because of my Gauri yes
coz because you were you weren't really
but you're basically playing us Jason
yeah it's and that wasn't you have a
hockey mask in a giant knife yes 2x4
chainsaw I have it it's a ladder it's
like a slasher themed video game you're
fighting monsters oh yeah you're
intriguing me yeah it's I have it big I
have it on the Wii Virtual Console oh
okay and it is not aged well today we're
not going to play Sonic oh six everyone
has covered that game far better than we
ever could in we don't we don't want to
play it was that sort of like the room
as everybody's done a review of it yes
he said everything there is to say about
it that's the game that people know is
the bad game okay and there there are
many people who get to in depth about it
what's so bad about it
I don't know much about her I've seen
one shit shit shit shit oh no no I'm
good no I talked about Sonic Sonic oh oh
six what runs up a loop-de-loop bunny
like walks up and just like stops at the
top it's like physics in that game or
just like you know how we go through the
loops really fast yeah because you could
just just walk slowly and these ones
it's like if you're not running fast
enough you can't get all the way around
yeah right oh my god we died again the
story is about saving a human princess
who falls in love with Sonic oh so it's
a human girl in Sonic as Sonic as a
hedgehog as a anthropomorphic Hedgehog
okay that's weird
I played this too long I'm a new one I'm
tired now you just walk right over here
okay Bob it's taking over all right this
is the second time the Seneca Princess
Sonic there's so many reasons it's it's
it's just no fun play game we should
play countries bed for a day I never
have a first for me yeah yeah I can't
get up the stupid little hill there we
go
oh no no no there we go oh oh there's a
there's a little someone has given us a
hint for selecting a level instead of
playing through the whole game oh you
want to do that oh I would like to try a
new level because I played this one
earlier let's do this how do we do this
okay can you quit how do I quit or do
the preset because okay we're gonna
we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna make
Jay play the last level I'm good at the
first level let's see what happens on
the last level okay press up down left
right it's the Konami code left right up
down left right hold a Hey
is that it yeah but it says at the title
screen so this isn't the title sound
okay okay so up-down left-right up-down
left-right that whole day I press Start
maybe I press ain't start at the same
time
oh for God's sake this is this is this
is rocket science is preposterous
alright I played a ton of Mortal Kombat
at the local mall shop when I was
growing up down left right a start thank
you all right am I going to the very
last stage stage two
what difference does it make the three
might just be the boss fight I'm not
sure
Roka a scrap brain zone act 2 and see
what happens here oh there's those pipes
that you had problems with oh my god is
this gonna go away it is don't you think
of the movie Mars Attacks love it I like
Mars Attacks okay my son the theater is
like hey this is like Independence Day
but good yeah oh no you catch up on that
slice okay a lot of people do like more
it kind of bombed when it came out yeah
I think so
how's Jade doing everybody I'm stuck on
the ground I did not know there was
gonna be a battlefront game I liked the
other star wars battlefront games I
stopped playing Star Wars Star Wars
games after a Jedi Knight - did you you
didn't play new battle fuck do I get out
of here I didn't know okay this changes
everything
it's just discovered you can run upside
down I did not know it backwards
backwards the see you just stand on
there where you go around with it or do
you have to be moving
yeah whatever no I was just standing on
ah you know scared of everything
I'm afraid of the care for no what do
you Oh knowing I haven't done anything
bad yet no just waiting for it waiting
am I going the wrong direction
now you're done fine oh my god oh my god
this is the worst thing the worst I will
okay for going over all right I want to
go right oh you're right oh god right
into the saw
oh my god hey I did that okay good whoa
oh my god holy shit Oh God oh my lord by
the way this is exactly how the bad guy
should set up his operation just
constant death around every corner yeah
yeah hey someone comes in am I gonna be
in space cop but so far I'm in space cop
like four times yeah you have multiple
roles yes so I will be in space cops
many times you will never I don't think
you ever see my face yeah yeah I do
yeah that's right you do yeah what's up
oh no spoilers rich boy okay I'm never
I'm never getting out of here the cryo
lab I'm seriously never getting out of
here yeah that's probably true I'm sorry
for a lot of hopeful I want to do it I
really I really want to what do you guys
feel about the first four batman movies
first one i loved as a kid and i haven't
seen in a very long time the second one
i liked even more most I don't other
than the Joker in the Dark Knight I
don't like any of the Batman movies
though the first floor in general oh my
I think I do need your help bridge I
have no idea how to get out of here I'm
just jumping nonsensically I hate
Christian Bale yeah can't be Batman so
Christian Bale is a really bad bad man
yeah I think he's a fine Bruce Wayne
he's a good Bruce Wayne out of the hole
no actually I did that all myself
Oh God oh my god I hate everything
that's happening right now oh Jesus
Jesus Christ get me off of this
contraption
oh my god oh my god whose idea was this
to place on it to do this me go to the
end here and someone tells us how to do
it so it is in your channel you believe
it I believe you're gonna fall off these
platforms don't looking black armor
Batman serves yeah that's why the new
Ben Affleck intrigues me now the movies
gonna be shit movie interests me but the
bat suit does Frank Miller style oh shit
who's sighted Batman had to wear thick
black armor David it was decided for the
Tim Burton movie and then just every
movie since then has never bothered to
change it up yeah and I don't know why I
don't know why they wouldn't want to
change it out but yeah that's just what
his stuck is cinematic Batman yeah
Mike I think looking back I don't know
if I care for any of that movies I think
Dark Knight is the closest we've ever
gotten to Reno Joker go I like the Dark
Knight is a movie ok I don't think of it
as a venom movie that's why it's the
best Batman movie because Batman spends
the whole movie being a fucking
detective and we concentrate on the
interesting character of the Joker
yeah that's a Batman that's how Batman
works Batman is a slow thinking
detective
and that's why he's a great hero he's
not he's not Iron Man he's not Iron Man
and he's not whatever isn't in the movie
so it's like I don't know if we we don't
yet have a good Batman movie and we're
not gonna get one anytime soon
that's that's mostly true my favorite
Disney Princess ah
Ariel is probably Ariel I really like I
like I like Ariel songs I'm trying to I
understand what's happening only when I
say junk okay okay that's a little bit
see the thing is you say it and then I
hit the button and then it's delayed in
Slate okay I understand the idea behind
this I'm just not smart enough oh my god
oh my god I have played Kingdom Hearts
have you played Kingdom her I have not I
have not I I got really frustrated with
Kingdom Hearts I think it's a really
neat idea you get to play as Disney
characters and fight monsters but I got
really bored wait wait okay here's
here's how you get by this okay you have
to come in at a running start and then
you hold down so you do the spin thing
you'll go under it okay so just hold
down now yeah
I'm like the best video game player ever
you you're significantly and then I died
this is fun though of course we've seen
Weird Al's movie uho god yes
it's a great movie
if somebody wanted to interview want to
be all is there certain way about going
it up send us
handwritten mail we were which is not
true uh oh shit why am I going crazy by
the way we don't need a good spawn movie
yeah that's what we need a good spawn
movie so sponsor on doesn't need
anything spun needs to go away he did it
somebody's trying to dig him up yeah no
time McFarland sucks toy money people
stopped buying his fun toys so he wants
to revive it the only one out of image
comics never gets any credit the best
one out of the bunch
Eric Larson yeah what did you do Savage
Dragon Santa's dragon now even I know
that what about uh the max that was
image right yeah yeah I love that's
better I didn't really read seven second
I saw at the max and it's kind of funny
that the novel thing about the Savage
Dragon is that the crime fighter was an
actual cop
we do need a good Deadpool movie
Deadpool is a good character everybody
likes Deadpool but you know what
Deadpool much like the Wolverines are
the Boba Fett's of the world there's
only cool because he's a smartass he
might not make the best movie hero
Deadpool works best when he is the foil
to an actual hero and breaking the
fourth wall
yes so maybe we don't need a good pit
bull movie maybe we just need Deadpool
damn it oh I think get the ring okay I
have read the good and I really enjoy
the goon it doesn't wasn't David Fincher
trying to do something with the goon I
think so
kick-started did you hurt to movie or
something boo and I gave him i remembers
okay I like that was neat we hate this
little worm guy you can do that - spin
thing - kill him jack will you please
shut the fuck up in your streets or Jade
not play Sonic the Hedgehog yeah this is
it folks this is what you get take it or
leave it
oh my god
I'm doing kind of okay ting here all
right I think as I just get hit don't
you got a coin you're gonna be hit yeah
yeah all right what's what's going on
I'm trying I'm trying to help boy what's
our thoughts on Hellboy
I like the Hellboy movies sorry I can't
well datura I like you more notes are oh
I don't like the help woman's okay I
think I think I think yeah Mon del Toro
does not know how to do action correctly
and I don't think he has the budget to
do the kind of action he wants to that
one yeah that's a big problem with a lot
of his movies his imagination outweighs
the budget yeah which which can work in
certain settings but with the superhero
action movie oh no now I'm at the end
end right uh yeah one little hair all
right let's see what happens I don't
think it's any more or less hard than
that was I was just the guy see see a
thing happened okay oh my god
how do we feel about the fact that they
are making a new Power Rangers movie I
couldn't care less what this kind of
thing you give a shit about if you grew
up with it but yeah I didn't and I don't
care I have recently watched a whole
bunch of Power Rangers episodes and
someone recently told me cuz I saw the
first Power Rangers movie yeah I took my
little siblings to see in the theater
because they were Power Rangers fans
that was a little too old for it but I
took them to see it and I even whose did
you ever see it Jack yeah Ivan ooze was
played by fucking Belloc from Raiders of
the Lost Ark yeah I never knew that
yeah he's the main bad guy in it he's
played by Bill he's Rita Repulsa yeah oh
it's great no it's not it's great I
didn't want to land on him the movie was
the special record but there was a lot
of fun in the show and I've seen a lot
of the more recent ones as well and
there's some fun in there and as long as
they can continue to to do it cheese Lea
like as long as they don't give it a
gritty reboot everybody make it a cheesy
action movie and they'll be fun
giant robots good I like John robots
guys in cardboard outfits
yes we did like JJ's teased the
practical effects in the Star Wars video
oh yes I thought that was very cute
how are some bubbles give me some
bubbles I'm dead Oh game over man no
that's it
are we running out of steam here start
we start it is 11 o'clock organize we're
gonna wrap it up I can't even read
anymore guys I'm trying to read I'm
trying to read and we're wrapping it up
for jira to only 14 let's go Jiro you
guys I'm losing it that's gonna be a
string oh my god guys my game is playing
it's all good
sonic is self-aware there's a horse
story online where that happens okay I
don't think I'll die in real life
honestly you know you know crazed crazy
Star Wars fan that's how I'm gonna die
like crazy Ray Star Wars man he's gonna
just gonna barge into my home with a
shotgun it's gonna say I'm doing it for
Jar Jar that's will be the last thing I
hear we can be Jar Jar we are gonna do
this again
hopefully we'll figure out the audio
issues someone did ask earlier if it's
gonna be a regularly scheduled thing or
will be sporadic um we're gonna try to
figure out a regular schedule no
guarantees no guarantees I like
everything else on the red letter media
site I don't probably not have any sort
of regulars but you can check previously
recorded has a twitter yes and you can
check our Twitter and we'll put
I don't even know if there should be
links to it in our Twitter profile of
our Twitter and whatnot but uh we'll
tweet it out when we're going to play
and and we're gonna go now good night
thanks thanks for that fun it's been fun
