Dec 28, 2014
XCOM: Enemy Unknown
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3662604
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3662646
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/3662764
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr1UobY5jD4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BLWzVXqV5oM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5aWyL30n64
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/549287782594920449
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/549389718602125312

[Part I]
sort of maybe kind of sort of I suppose
we'll find out yeah in a second I'm
gonna tweet I've had it because I'm at
my computer I've tweeted already so our
our customary like loading up I can see
it loading up on my computer screen
oh my lord oh my like slightly early
with no audio problem so you know that
this is a rich Evan stream well wait
they haven't told us about our audio
problems maybe there's no audio problems
or maybe there's we don't know do we
have audio problems chat cuz I know what
you're gonna say already I I have that
much confidence in my abilities here
just for Jack's sake though no I'm gonna
let Jack know how the sound is oh my god
yeah they say they can hear oh jeez yeah
early and no audio problems thanks to
thanks to Rich's computer oh I get none
of the credit okay all right fine
fine that's the way you want it okay you
know what thanks to Rich's new computer
and his mastery of technology and I'm
playing X cam
XCOM thanks Kim let me just the stupid
monitor here so I can see the chat
that's annoying everything in my my
other monitor like hops to the other
side of the screen and it's like all off
that's very strange brain in the second
monitor whenever I start the game mm-hmm
but oh I see the game I see the game and
it looks Laureus playing XCOM welcome
everyone welcome to the stream this is
the Sunday night what I'm gonna what I'm
gonna call behalf and a hack stream
because you know rich you're normally
the half um and so now but now you're
streaming and I'm just skyping in this
is a weird feeling have we done this
once perform we've never done this
before we've never done no this is just
the last time you streamed I wasn't able
to Skype in because my internet was down
okay okay
wasn't it one time before that then no I
don't believe so
oh wow the and then the time before that
that you attempted this dream your
computer almost fried because this was
before yeah yeah all right oh no see it
in the stream is saying that I've Skyped
in before too but I don't remember that
I have it seems familiar to me I think
this has happened okay let's you know
what maybe and everyone make more ishtar
jokes because I love them I here's
here's the deal well XCOM now this is
the new computer so I don't have any of
my old saves oh oh so that one Ironman
run I was doing with you know people in
the chat named after the soldiers yeah
oh that's gone all of that is gone I did
not think to back that up man oh well oh
well so we're gonna have a we're gonna
have a fresh fresh XCOM run if you're
one of the few people who died it
actually might have only been like one
or two people in my last game you can
you can you can you can live again you
can live again oh my god these men these
men are pod it's great that's great
everyone will get to live again richer
you still there yeah oh you're just
setting it up yep okay
anything it's loading up now great
mustard diet asks a very important
question favorite flavor of pizza roll
none acceptable my my question is do
they have flavors sausage they might
yeah
i if they have flavors i cannot tell the
difference
I still love pizza rolls but I cannot
tell the difference so I apologize I
don't know about pizza rolls you don't
know about pizza rolls what's not to
know about pizza rolls they're delicious
it's kind of disgusting you are a liar
pizza rolls are they're a little
disgusting they're like they're like
mini hot pockets that are bad you're I
mean no they're great these are also
fantastic all the time well and that's
speaking from someone like me who rarely
eats them all right everybody how is the
game audio is the game audio terrible
can you hear us is it too loud or is it
too quiet very important question very
important question and a few hot pockets
are really bad I agree if you can't go
to a nice restaurant and order pizza
rolls they're unnatural you can't you
can't get them outside of like a
supermarket course they're on that like
artificial yes yes of course there but
that's a it's it's much like is the same
reason that Taco Bell is my favorite
fast-food chain only because there's no
Taco Bell near me reason to be a fan of
Taco Bell which is some of the worst
food on the face of the earth I think he
means you the best food well again it's
cuz I don't have it that often that's me
it's a it's still a treat Taco Bell Taco
Bell I think is the the single worst
fast-food place
I'd have to think about that for bid but
they're definitely in the running for
worst fast-food place here you're an
awful liar and I wish you would stop
lying so much thank you all right no the
last time I played this in the stream
might have been one of the last times
I've actually played X come I am now
horribly out of practice oh well there
you go
well there you know I think I'll be okay
on the tactical side of things but my my
strategy layer with the base I might I
might have some fuck-ups where I forget
to research this or that or satellites
oh hey rich is your is the sub alert um
yes it's clicked on and is it on top of
everything everything it's got a check
mark and I don't see I don't see in the
chat anywhere any subs and it's which
this happens to twitch sometimes John
kilo was just saying that oh wow Inc Inc
ulema just subscribed so Inc alum thank
you for subscribing we very much
appreciated and I apologize that we did
not see your sub I'm looking back in the
chat right now and I don't even see it
in the chat that you saw so I do
apologize this is my first time does it
look and feel wonderful wow it looks
better somehow it does well of course
I'm sure it looks better and I forgot to
turn any second wave options on but
whatever that's uh I might not have any
unlock cuz this is a basically it's a
fresh game yeah yeah fresh install of
the game sure oh absolutely
absolutely it's so smooth it's so smooth
jack it's the most it's the most
beautiful thing I've ever seen it's like
falling in love all over again I can't I
can't believe this it's amazing wouldn't
it be nice if we were older I'm bad I'm
I'm sitting here I'm tearing up I'm
tearing up and who do you think who do
you think I'm glad we could achieve this
moment together
this is fucking amazing
oh sweet and I made a 45 percent shot
right off the bat everything's coming up
millhouse there you go I'm glad that
you're happy all right you know you know
what I'm more glad about that I'm not
and and hopefully that the chat will be
glad about is that you're because you're
streaming tonight I got to spend a
little extra time editing the next
prereq episode and I'm pretty far in it
so I think come the new year not exactly
on the new year but you know soon after
the new year we will have a new episode
which is very exciting I don't I don't
think there's any rush at this point no
I know and we just had a huge content
dump which I know everyone has really
been enjoying I've been really enjoying
watching Jays masterful edits of both
episodes of the Halloween or the holiday
special which I love
ooh well I mean I can't I can't kill the
alien but I can I can strip his cover
that's always a good thing
agreed oh and you know before I forget
we got we got a message on the Twitter's
today of a fan of ours christened the
Twitter okay yeah I'm the Twitter's I'm
the Twitter's a fan of ours would like
us to remind everyone in the chat who
has a pet and I know rich this will be
most important to you everyone who has a
pet a cat a dog or a reminder to check
fuck your animal for no not for that
wrench it's a check your animal for
cancer they Kristen recently had a cat
Madison died died of cancer and wanted
me to send along a message to everyone
to every once a month just like you
check yourself to check your animals as
well because it was one of those things
that could be could be preventable if
they checked it sooner
so a heads up to everyone to check your
animals they're our friends even though
they're not necessarily friends of rich
Evans they're friends of mine okay and I
thought I thought it was I thought it
was a lovely and comical request to have
us talk about cats knowing your love of
cats don't hate cats I just can't be
anywhere near them I know there's a
difference I know you don't hate cats
I don't know if we ever talked about how
many cats I had growing up no because of
court you know on the farm farm cats
well we had farm cats but we also had 13
indoor cats 13 indoor cats not including
the cats that were both inside and
outside and the ones in the farm too
many cats
far far too many cats love lumpy okay
yes
speaking of lumpy who in the chat after
our episode did you miss it oh wow is it
really bad no I got I got hit real bad
okay so who in the chat after seeing our
episode watched the Star Wars Holiday
Special this is the important question
what is wrong with you and what is
recently warned you not to
Oh animus primal says Jack I got
offended that you got offended by 9/11
jokes you know that's okay you can be be
offended by my offense
be more offended and all the stuff that
Jay cut out cuz it got worse the
conversation got much worse and I
thought it was funnier Jay cut it all
out so be offended by that if anything
that Jay doesn't think you're up to that
good for you all good for you all know
I'm seeing a lot in the chat that people
did not watch the special and you
shouldn't know nobody should you should
it's really terrible it's it's far worse
it's far worse than we were even giving
it credit for this this lady here is
fuck but lay she's taken two down with
her
you're gonna sacrifice she's not going
out alone well I know it's not that much
sacrifice so much just that she's low
health and she's got shit cover I could
either help her down uh-huh or I could
take out two of these three aliens which
obviously hunter down think is more
important at this point take care of
these you think that's more important
than hunkering down yes it is
I want to hunker down I do but it's just
yeah it's not in the cards you're right
I could take I could get real lucky here
we'll see we'll see okay cool
no cool nope all right now we're gonna
see some blood I hate this son of a
bitch but you get to see blood in yes
smooth high-definition graphics
if that counts for anything so much for
no death fuck alright son of a bitch
that does not make me happy
how do you not have line of sight
oh okay o microfiber o microfiber
militia is is the is the the lady who
got ahold of us on Twitter
whose cat recently passed away from
cancer and yes they she said she did
watch in the stream with them and for
those of you wondering about the Star
Wars Holiday Special cartoon segment
they were not exaggerating with how far
off that lip-sync was that was just as
terrible as as they showed over and over
and over again it looked really cool and
really stylized but man was it awful 60
frames per second has gone to reach his
head he's throwing caution to the wind
so this is what 60 frames a second looks
like an ex-con it's nasty
is it far more beautiful this is far
more beautiful yes
yes well that's great that's fantastic
and great and everything wonderful sir
bread Robert Bazar jaw is asking whether
Mike actually did did Mike actually spit
the ice into my drink
he did not explose well that was the
thing and you know like he started
making a face and all of us leaned in
and he just spit it like it got on my
arm I felt it on my arm and it clink to
the outside of my glass it was the most
disgusting thing that anyone could ever
do and it was you know I have no idea
what he was thinking it upset me a great
deal I powered through because I'm a
professional but it'd have said me a lot
why would someone do that does Mike have
no soul I don't know I can't I can't
make that Gunnar Nilsson almost almost
jack the name of my soldier here Gunnar
Nilsson Gunnar Nelson Nilsson not Nelson
never I don't get it there's one of the
Nelsons oh I get it I only know that
because one of my sister's is a fan I
don't know why of Nelson yeah
of course she's also a Mormon so I don't
know I don't know if that if there's a
connection there but but uh maybe maybe
that's like the hardest music they can
listen to all right I saw one person
that wanted a name I'm gonna name them
okay
meuk me me something no no no I've lost
the name oh oh I know that person yeah
okay okay sure it's my AK am i why does
a c1 here's a question does anybody care
what like gender they are or anything
weird guys or girls it doesn't matter
I say just as they come just
as they come right okay so mi the y AC
right yep mi y AC one Oh what for the
last name Nick Nilson oh no because
aren't they usually like titled by their
last name so gunner should be their
first name and my alright should be the
last name gunner gunner my I think
that'd be the funny way to do it
and John kilo is saying mr. shy smile
always wanted to be named okay we'll do
that
okay why not cuz you know one cuz why
not how does he do the Capitals I guess
doesn't really matter I guess it doesn't
really well because won't know because
we'll know rich just mister shy smells
like mister shy smile we have a
subscriber um smashed bottle thank you
for subscribing
we very much appreciate it he was just
in time yo
oh really new subscriber gets the name
ya wanna all right I'm cool with that
I them as they get my attention
actually you know what uh I'm gonna do
first name smash last name bottle oh we
have another subscriber now they know
what's going on 0:02 pisum thank you for
subscribing we super super appreciate it
okay that's it that's it get more
characters or its quick admiral fart bar
thank you for subscribing that's a trap
it's a smelly trap all right should I
should I name everybody that just
subscribe should I do that I mean I
guess I'm kind of could you can you give
me their name the name of all that those
last two names again sure sure Oh dope
ISM is OAD IP is M okay
and Admiral obviously underscore fart
bar so I don't know if you wanna make
the first name Admiral last name fart
bar thank I will okay I think that's
great
guys guys wise all right give me another
name Jack give me another name oh Jesus
Oh what um let's see here oh I see I see
Billy hecka didn't that was just the
very first subscriber I saw after you
said give me a name h e-- is there
seriously just okay h ec k a first name
Billy Billy
alright let's be enough from now mango
yo yeah we got five six okay we're good
we're good we're good
we're good that's and yeah I apologize
for anyone who I miss but it was just
like oh oh actually rich no it's all in
one word what are you doing to me I I'm
messing up your your flow mojo I didn't
know I didn't know your flow mojo was
like that I'm very sorry I'm very sorry
mr. LaHaye ah now I'm gonna wait for
this cutscene to go back and rename
people again Mario Mario I'm not playing
favorites I'm just seeing how I see
first
just seeing who I see first jack ruined
everything I did I did ruin everything
that's true I'm sorry it's Mike it's my
crocodile brain sometimes I think that
was that's one of my favorite things
ever is my creation of the crocodile /
Lion Brand emoticons every time you guys
put those on there I love it I love it
you know I'm playing you might be you
might be horribly disappointed only died
when I then everyone dies except for one
person
lousy rookies lousy good-for-nothing
rookies hey rich yeah as someone who's
played AK XCOM would you recommend
enemy Unknown or enemy within enemy
within is enemy Unknown with extra stuff
so get within oh I guess I guess look up
what the extra is and see if you find it
interesting I think it's worth it I
don't know I don't know what the price
difference is right now but but within
is basically just downloadable content
for unknown I know in the consoles it
was too big an update they couldn't sell
it as DLC on the consoles so they just
resold the whole game with the user true
yeah oh it's crazy yeah yeah it went
over there DLC size limit you can't just
sell a complete game anymore you have to
sell the game in bits and pieces until
it's done absolutely yeah
yeah yeah here we go playing the game
proper abduction this you're playing the
game proper for assistance well sure in
chat I might be in and out I'm gonna
still talk to rich obviously but I might
be in and out as I'm I'm double tasking
here I'm working on some I'm working on
a super fantastic special effect for the
next previously recorded well we all
know how good the streams are when it's
just me he's that talk to me you know
tell me you know what's going on oh you
know you know what I can talk about
while while I set up this new layer and
after-effects here is do you know what I
heard over the holiday week that blew my
mind a blonde joke that can we not tell
jokes anymore well it's not it's not the
fact that is that not at all possible I
mean no no no here I'm just saying
when's the last time you've heard a
blonde joke okay okay it's probably been
a little while it's been a long time for
me I cannot recall the last time I've
heard a blonde joke and so for me it was
just like who is this person that thinks
like that blonde jokes are at all
relevant or like what's happening in the
world you know it's just a blonde joke
yeah but no one tells blonde jokes
anymore so it was just weird why not
jack huh
why not cuz they're old jokes you can
you can tell a fat joke and I laugh
probably if it's a good joke oh no it's
not I'm not saying that you can't tell a
blonde joke because it's offensive I'm
just saying no one does anymore okay
which is true I think a lot I cannot
remember the last time I've heard a
blonde joke I think
you know blonde blonde jokes are there
are little sexist but that's fine like
you tell any joke you want that's not
gonna faze me but it'd be like telling
an FDR joke you know it's just it's just
outdated no one tells those kind of
jokes anymore mm-hmm
somebody in the chat it scrolled up a
bit but they said is enemy within worse
paying more than twice as much as it is
just to get unknown oh here's what
here's the thing you could get the
cheaper version of unknown I mean if
you're not familiar with XCOM and it's
it's not the worst thing you could ever
do but the thing is if you end up really
liking X come you'll probably want enemy
within sooner or later anyway mmm so I
mean if you like the game you you at
some point you will probably also be
buying with it that makes sense yeah
that makes sense and then I get it if
your your your your budgets tight I can
understand that and you know that's
where I guess it's worth just getting
the the vanilla version of the game sure
but if you end up loving the game within
is something you'll want sooner or later
oh there you go the Oh Cho nose so again
I'm not sensitive about jokes I tell
rather tasteless jokes all the time it's
it's not about it's not about me being
offended by blonde jokes the Ocho nose
says it would be like telling uh in
Soviet Russia joke where it's just not a
joke that people say anymore her words
it would makes no sense so like you know
I just heard someone tell a lie and and
they told the joke as if I was like up
to date on the latest blonde jokes were
like have you heard the one about the
blonde getting pulled over and I'm just
like who tells blonde jokes anymore and
it was it wasn't the greatest joke it
was like a blonde a blonde a policewoman
that pulls
over a blonde and the blonde who gets
pulled over gets asked for her ID and
she doesn't know what it is and so the
police woman says oh it's you know
rectangular and it has your picture on
it that's what you need to be looking
for so the blonde in the car pulls out a
mirror looks at it and hands it to the
officer thinking it's the driver's
license of course and the officer looks
at it and goes oh I didn't know your
police officer move along because the
blonde police officer is equally as dumb
as he looks I didn't see this it's not a
good joke no matter what and so it's
just like it's an outdated joke and it's
a bad joke fine it's fine
exactly it was just one of those things
where where it was a joke of didn't make
sense to me like well how I'm gonna be
telling this Jonathan says hey you know
what you're right everything's fine
everything's fine all the time
everything's fine all the time
do-do-do-do-do how's your special effect
on Jack
oh good right now I'm asking out my head
and it's going to find I just ran into a
situation here
sure
easily solved one easily solvable
what's my x-com talents this is as
nothing I don't even know why I said
everything's fine everything's fine
nothing to see here
okay Sam long hack fraud rich Evans I
see I see you so that's it that's all I
got
heck fraud just wanted to be seen hack
fraud underscore rich Evan says Jack
look at me so I'm I acknowledge you yeah
oh you don't think that's a bad
president now that's a bit oh I'm sorry
you gotta win em you gotta win them off
the attention no I'm gonna look at him
I'm looking at ya like I'm like I said
I'm scrolling back and forth I have a
chat open on unone monitor and my
after-effects on the other in a monitor
and so like right now what I'm concerned
about I want to do an effect with my
head and so to do the effect properly I
also need to recreate the background
which luckily is very easily because
it's a black backdrop and so just making
sure that it remains that black backdrop
for the entirety of the effect is the
important part
yeah that's pretty good
you know what that is pretty good yeah
yeah you think yeah yeah I think it's
pretty you know like it's not gonna be
the greatest it's not gonna be the
greatest effect one because it'll be
really short it's only about 20 frames
so to be about it'll be a little under a
second having a worth of an effect but I
think it's funny
I think it's funny a joke the effect is
a joke so that's the important part
these guys are hitting everything it's
kind of great
they're hitting everything oh yeah well
I think it's good that it's great
everything is awesome most of the time
oh that's right that's how I've been
working a lot in Photoshop recently and
so I'm using Photoshop with keyboard
shortcuts in After Effects which anyone
who knows the after-effects no that's
not the truth
don't do that everything is awesome
everything is cool when you're part of a
team I have a weird-shaped head right
now I'm masking out my head and I'm a
weird-shaped head it's the thing you
should know about me
damn it yeah I know but you know it's
just the head I have there's nothing I
can do about it you know obviously you
aren't talking about my head but I want
some of them and well it didn't I went
with it and I don't I don't regret going
with it
all right I'm making those those those
under 50% shots Jack really yeah yep why
are you even going for those cuz I'm in
good cover okay so you're just taking
pot shots basically you can do that as
long as you got a back-up plan I guess
yeah that would be the important part
what's your exit strategy grenades good
as always the exit strategy is always a
grenades always you know we'll see right
here yeah this is my exit strategy there
just use my exit strategy great you know
what I think I think that's great
all right let's see what's what's going
out you chat uh-oh I'm using Creative
Cloud I use I used the CC and so right
now it's the CC 2014 version that's the
latest update of Creative Cloud that was
that was the back-up plan
rich and I were talking about who was
gonna stream tonight and what we were
gonna play and if rich didn't feel like
it literally my backup plan was going to
be streaming after effects work just cuz
it's something that I want to get done
and that might happen as as certain
things progressed I know there will be a
lot of After Effects work needing to be
done on space cop and so I think that
might be fun stuff to stream it's just
like so you know some non-spoiler
after-effects stuff it's just much it
just might happen I guess is what I'm
saying my sniper skills get Jo sniper
some kills this alright I keep hitting
the sub 50% shots I congratulations well
that actually looks pretty darn good
that's actually the really nice thing
about masking out a bald head is I don't
need to worry about any of the hair you
know so it's it's it's a weird shape you
know it's like I got some bumps in my
head but generally pretty smooth if I
had hair to deal with oh this would be a
much harder mask that's what I'm looking
for here nah it's be saying non-spoiler
that implies a plot which himself which
in itself is a bit of a spoiler yes
there is
there is a plot to space cop spoiler
alert that's kind of a yeah there's kind
of a plot yeah and yeah John cool I have
seen some some people do After Effects
work and editing work on Twitch before
the corridor digital guys if anyone
follows corridor digital on YouTube I've
seen them do After Effects stuff it's
it's primarily game based but you know
it's still our channel we can do a whoo
we do what we want we eat what we like
Bom Bom Bom
you just call me a bum I called you a
bum get off doing that well I don't know
I'm the star here Jackson I'm the star
you can't call me a bum no you're that
you're absolutely all right
oh no and Colonel rich mustard I'm not
using channels to mask out my head I'm
using I'm using the pen tool to manually
mask out my head I'm I'm rotoscoping my
head out as like I said it's only it's
only 20 frames and so that's a simple
enough rotoscope to get my head out and
I'm using channels but it is an
all-black background so I could do that
think well thank you John Kela for
looking out for us but I don't think so
I think if anything like if we did it
once they might yell at us if there was
a problem but I don't I don't think
it'll be a problem
I don't think I would the hunters for
two scopes fuck yeah fuck yeah explain
explaining the thing you just said well
counsel thing came up if I give the
council two scopes they'll give me four
engineers which yeah now what's a scope
they make you shoot better they increase
your see I have to buy just research
them I am going to build two and I'm
going to get four engineers nice great
which will make you build things faster
yeah yes true damn oh space camo that's
a really good question and which is how
do I feel knowing that rich doesn't pay
attention during any discussion yeah did
you you see yeah
you know it's but it's funny obviously
that was exaggerated but you know like a
lot of times I was off my game for that
conversation that's all something I
think people need to understand is you
know we do not we do not write jokes
before best of the worst
everything you see is off-the-cuff yep
yeah so nothing is pre-planned none of
the watching it we like our first time
watching the movie is you guys watching
us watch the movie and so like some yeah
sometimes if you're working on something
in your own head you kind of tune other
people out so you can figure out what
you're gonna say that's completely
understandable
I mean rich is a bit of a jerk but
there's nothing we can do
I'm sorry magnify no no it's see that
that conversation I think might have
been going by so fast so many different
topics oh yeah at the time I thought of
something to say we're going on about
something else I think that came about
we just did not feel like talking about
the Star Wars Holiday Special
right we weren't sure when we started
how much discussion we're gonna get out
of the special itself oh my yeah we were
a little worried about that yeah yeah uh
and Oh for those who asked J edited both
parts Jada did both parts of the holiday
special and I think he did a fantastic
job I thought they were both they were
both really funny I can't I cannot
believe he got anything out of either of
those but he did that's fine
good for him good well oh yeah yeah so
back to Ishtar
I have not I've never seen nice time
either no I hear some people say it's
not as bad as its reputation would
suggest but yeah oh it's got some good
talent it can't be as bad as its
reputation suggests I mean just because
it was just this tremendous flop well
you're sort of why did it flop I haven't
said it is it bad is it right what do
you have any there so I mean here's
here's that trailer makes it look
terrible right like it's it's a bad
trailer they there were rumors
apparently I was reading up on it a
little bit apparently like the producer
was fighting with Warren Beatty the
whole time yeah and they think that the
producer might have one of the producers
might have tanked it on purpose it was
Jay was just over budget over bloated
who knows I am actually very curious to
watch it knowing now what a what a flop
it was
doctor lost a father oh nice a fucker
costs okay I like it I think that's a
fun word clusterfuck is a fun word so
messing up cluster fuck cluster fucking
clusterfuck is doubly as good I think
cocoa puffs thank you for subscribing
Kahuna puffs and I definitely heard the
what the fuck so that's working I heard
the what the fuck in your headphones
yeah it scared me good good down yeah
hunker down going into overwatch things
around the rails everything's on the
rails nothing exciting is happening here
okay yeah I'm gonna be that guy is kind
of giving a synopsis of like what all
the speculations are they're saying I
had a bloated budget they shut out all
of the press and so then the press
didn't do it any good Warren Beatty and
the critics didn't get along there was
issues between Beatty and a producer and
the director and Elaine May didn't do
well with the desert I don't know what
that means
didn't do one with a desert Scout astir
hazy thank you for subscribing we really
appreciate it
oh is that what it's like cuz this time
I fell for it where you started talking
I thought you were gonna talk about
Ishtar but if you're just thinking is
subscribe no no and I was like scout
Esther what does that mean there you go
you know one of these days somebody's
subscribed with a name that's that has
no vowels you know just so we can't
pronounce it to fuck with us
thank you for subscribing it's gonna
happen yes yes no I'm not getting on a
goddamn roof you guys in your roofs oh
yeah I am at a place this is not it this
is not the time or the place for ruff
there you wait rich what is is this
enemy within our enemy unknown see this
is the within version but I mean okay
most a lot of the content is the exact
same content you get that no that's my
fault they were they were saying that I
the the stream had the wrong game
alright and I yeah I put enemy and know
and I apologize everyone this is enemy
within and technically it kind of is I
mean it's just an expansion of enemy
Unknown you know sure yep but I mean I'm
just I'm just I'm just I'm I there's my
problem
I am I this is my fault there's I
apologize our worst problems there are
there are far worse problems
yes I am talk us through oh you're
risking you know my gonna - so this
guy's in position to shoot at things so
my sniper gonna actually shoot it
something when it's time for the sniper
to shoot at something no I'm really
risking and I'm bringing my my assault
forward - because it's good to have them
in the front lines cuz they got that
shotgun no no I'm not gonna trigger
anything taking all there is gonna move
my scout up - all right that's it that's
it done with the risks risks you know
pronounce good oh that's alright that's
alright yeah they were they're saying -
Chad carrie fisher's coke habit thank
you for subscribing a real subscriber
they were they were joking that that
would be a good subscriber name and I
agree why is that so funny she did
that's not horrible look at her face
during that special she was doing a ton
of coke and not doing a good job because
of her coke and therefore we get to make
fun of her and you know although she's
alive and doing well now and so it's one
of those things where if she was you
know doing if she was worse off nowadays
then you then you know it probably would
be in bad taste but because she's doing
alright now we can and she makes fun of
her own coke problem it's okay for us to
some actors enjoyed drugs that's true
I'm gonna be that guy some actors do
some actors don't some actors are you
know good so I'm not saying care if it's
just bad just you know just saying I
just implied it I didn't say it I
implied it Emory 8:01 yes I will play
pokemon on stream
that is in in an in a theoretical world
I'd love to get I'd love to get a a 3ds
with a with a capture card they have
those two to play a Pokemon game and
stream I'd love for rich to play a
pokemon game if in stream because he's
never played one before and they're my
favorite so you know it will happen is
is what I'm saying but you absolutely
can you'll all you'll you'll do what
normally happens you and Jay will talk
about something while I tone you out to
play pokemon it'll be great chance this
great um rich would you like to play
shadow run on the stream maybe I think I
have Shadowrun I think I've been gifted
shadow run yeah it looks interesting
that's an RP that's a isometric arnica I
haven't gotten around to playing yet
because I've kind of gotten mine early
obsessed with blood dragon dragon so so
I haven't played Shadowrun that's what
I'm not gonna play like for the first
time mm-hmm
cuz I when I played back here when I
played blood dragon on the stream that
was my first time touching the game and
I was terrible with it and everyone's
like god you're horrible at the game did
you know you're horrible at that game
yeah and you are are you were know
you're great is what you're saying they
tell you about the guy who messaged me
just to let me know that I was terrible
at that game he said you're a direct
message yeah yeah on Steam you're bad
that game this one let you know
well I'm sure that was very helpful
did you really pissing me off just to
bug me just just to let me know that no
you know that's kind of a big mo I
should unfriend that person you
shouldn't offend that person there
person that I've talked to before and
it's been just pleasant conversation
sure but he's also the same guy that
told me he was disappointed in me for
not liking five nights at freddys yeah
yeah
and after that blood that blood dragon
comment I'm thinking you know I can
probably do it out this guy absolutely
could probably do it out this shit
absolutely oh hey Colin columns here hey
I'm doing yeah you're really bad well
rich maybe you should take that as
constructive criticism and stop being so
bad at a game hmm
everything about that did you think
about that is everything
totally free I'm flying like the game
here oh my god your point you are
playing a game rich right now I forgot I
forgot that I was somebody talking I
forgot their active aliens and this
person here wasn't shit cover because I
was not paying enough attention to the
game when I was talking way to go yeah I
know that's kind of horrible I am okay
alien kind of backed up though I didn't
attack my my weekly covered person so
that's good that's good everyone lives
girl lives to die another day oh yeah
another shit shot crocodile brain that's
not right crocodile brain says I think
Jack overtly dislikes Collin
that is not true I've never met Collin
Collin has been here how many times now
two or three times this rich I'm asking
you this how many times as common veneer
like in the chat no no Oh twice and but
both times I couldn't come out to say hi
so I've never met Colin oh he was one he
left though why were you asking that no
no he wanted to know why was he gone yet
do you what you asked me that once okay
I didn't know why you wanted to know hey
Don Knotts landing thank you for
subscribing
we very much appreciate it and enjoy the
done Knotts reference no I'm sure I
would I would like Colin I've no I've
just never met Gowen it's weird it's
it's so weird that every time he's in
town I just I'm I'm I won't answer my
phone call on vacation yeah yeah I won't
talk to anyone whenever he's in town
that's weird
where are these fuckers hiding where are
these fucking aliens hiding J I I don't
I this is a thing I don't know I wish I
could tell you if I knew that's true I
also dodged Freddie Williams and that
upset me even more cuz I no offence
Colin but you know I just you guys know
I'm a big fan of comic books and he's a
comic book illustrator I would have
loved just to chat with him about comics
and stuff
I'm sure Colin and I would have a bunch
of chat about - this is just a thing I'm
not I'm just I'm not at the office very
often I'm not at the studio as often as
everyone else that's true ed Witten I
might be Colin and you would never know
I don't think that's likely what no
growing up
and three two three four four two three
four
yes silly Billy it's what they keep
saying in chat and I love it I find it
amazing I don't I don't know how I was
gonna go over when when she went back
about the third they made me laugh I
gotta get my sniper some kills
yeah some kills okay sooner he's loved
about the better so I'm gonna rushing
off no cover it's kind of all or nothing
here
but I'll get two kills out of me front
which is good good you want you want
that squad site on your sniper soon as
you can get it
squad site that's for you you can shoot
ed things that aren't in your own sight
range you can shoot at things in other
people's sight range so if i Scout if
your Scout sees an alien you know your
sniper who's all the way like on the
other side of the map if he's got a
clear you know line like the bullet is
not gonna hit anything else you can
shoot at that alien oh yeah that sounds
great I always takes one side
some people swear by the snapshot sniper
now not happening with maybe it's
quantitate squad side all the way tape
oh I don't want that so we can't name
anybody else cuz nobody's dying nobody's
dying Jack and one's fine everyone's
fine yeah don't have time to build a
satellite array you don't have time to
build a satellite array oh and have time
to build satellites for it so get it
together is I guess what I'm saying see
if I could sell some stuff I'm gonna
solve some stuff really great market so
I got some money okay they are chemistry
you can solve and that's you know I
think that's great and also fantastic
it's all of those things and more
it's all of those things any more bucks
you're getting yeah you're getting two
shit prices in the gray market no I just
don't have so much to sell really hmm
I could sell some sectaurs but I'm gonna
get enough for it to really be worth it
some seconds
yeah anybody wanna buy some sec blades
sector I love the way they skitter
around I just like saying sex things you
know you sound like that that original
Zelda commercial what did we discover
the guy who's is that weird Zelda
commercial is the voice of the
Cryptkeeper oh yeah I remember that
commercial was hailed as a phenomenal
success yes heralded in the advertising
community because no one knew how to
sell video games so let's put a weird
man let's put a weird man talking about
Zelda 
Jack: Someone is saying, Jack, quick question is, why do Jay and Mike edit in two- to three-second pauses on black into RLM dubs. Gotta know. Uh, those might be the commercial breaks. You know, a lot of times, if we have a longer video we will add in those like two three seconds of black just so on YouTube we can put our commercial break in there, and it's not awkwardly breaking up, uh, a segment. That could be.
Rich: Yeah, I, I, I, I've, uh, asked them and see the actual break in, uh, the frames you're talking about. But it, that sounds right.
Jack: That's, that's what it probably is, and if you're just seeing the black break, maybe an ads not playing for you, so...oh. Adblock. Or you're using adblock. So, yes, those, those black breaks are where the ad should be, uh, just to make sure that you're not missing any conta-, content while watching an advertisement, which helps greatly. There are, there are commercials on the internet, Mr_Glitch. For some people there are.
no gobbledygook are you saying that I look
a lot like the old man who does the Six
Flags Great America commercials cuz
that's funny
cuz I'm a bald man with glasses did you
know that rich that I love balls battle
do that Jack that that comparison would
hurt anybody mr. six is the creepiest
concept ever right I never understood
those commercials I've never understood
them it's where it's just like are we
supposed to what are we supposed to
supposed to be afraid of going to Great
America Six Flags Great America Six
Flags forever I guess they I guess he
was I'm assuming he he he advertised for
all of the Six Flags I can only assume
so yeah whatever you know what in
whatever so is Walter White yes well he
was later he was bald and had glasses oh
I wish I looked like mr. clean if I had
that upper body strength
what why next time why don't you go was
from Walter White why'd you go as
Heisenberg cuz my guess is the
Heisenberg hype will be over and I've
never I you know as I've talked about
many times I've only seen the first
couple of episodes of Breaking Bad I've
seen zero and didn't much care for it
seems like a lot to get into yeah and I
hear it die tears it's great like if
you're into it it's super great my wife
loved it you know it just wasn't my
thing that's fine I won't you know what
I kind of want to do next Halloween is
make a yellow name tag and backlight it
and wear it
like from my belt and go as too many
cooks is make make a title card for me
and hang it like from a wire from my
belt that just says Jack Packard and
then when people ask me what I am kind
of look at them and give them a smile
and go that's too many cooks so thanks I
insist or money
nothing nothing out of braids this is a
great this is a great idea that's a
great idea to go as too many cooks too
many cooks today you're crazy it's true
crazy it would be great he's always nice
that's true too many cooks won't be
relevant anymore next year you're right
Phil Davis but it would still be funny
to me and then people go oh I remember
that I don't I don't understand what
you're doing

[Part II]
yeah but it's fine and it's all fine
everything's fine out there I will spoil
the broth Oh the grade reference too
many cooks just thinking about what to
do wish to go to and somebody said rich
do whatever is more dangerous absolutely
this is they want what you're doing too
well okay oh by the way it rich do you
know what the serial podcast is this is
all all over like the news and the
Twitter's or something I have no idea
what the serial podcast is I've never
even heard of them
so oh it's a zoom they talk about serial
right I have no idea what it is but
apparently it's a big deal that the
person who does the serial podcast
hasn't been doing it lately I guess dad
I don't know I don't know anything about
it I I'm gleaming off of the context
clues I see on Twitter I don't I have no
idea what it is
that'd be dead could be you know ever
this is the next big news story its
unfolding now gasps Matt Bennett
Oh mr. coach is saying it's a serialized
murder investigation oh so it's like a
radio play
so there's murder involved there is okay
that's good to know that's good to know
the first season is finished oh okay oh
and they just don't know when they're
making the next season so oh that's a by
the way no news at all we solved the
mystery of the serial podcast the news
is that it's a show that people really
like and they want more of it and the
maker of the show is taking their time
making more of it because they wanted
they wanted done right you should be
glad whenever something takes a while to
do yes that probably means that people
are putting some thought it look at Mass
Effect 3 also is it weird that we've
gone back to radio plays no radio plays
are always but I've always been fine now
they just you know they lost out due to
TV that's fine sure no actually I wasn't
aware that like stories and audio was a
thing sure the podcast thing though yeah
love it let's see the serial podcast has
a 12 episode weekly podcast where for
murder um men that went away now yeah
well yeah so I guess it's like a thing
let's I mean that's great I think it's
great that they're taking it
oh it's based on a real-life murder
investigation Thank You Colin based on a
real-life murder investigation I think
that's great I think I think it's great
that people are trying new things or
rehashing old things with the new
podcast medium I think that's great I
think it's great I've been really
enjoying speaking of rehashing old
mediums with new devices I have been
playing the fuck out of some texts
adventure games how do you think there's
this app called France and it's a free
app and it comes with all of these like
text adventures that you just play on
your iPhone it's amazing it's super fun
I've been playing this dumb one and it's
called like fine to the pig or whatever
and it's just this dumb thing where you
play it like you play
like a like an ogre or something and
it's just your job to find the pig and
it's just it's just this dumb little
text adventure and I've actually found
myself like drying out the rooms you
know because they're like oh here's this
room here's this room and so I've been
drawing out on a grid what rooms are
where and what items are in what room
like well like writing down what's in my
inventory it's so great games
Zork is on there I wanted to do this one
first good people said that this one was
a little bit lighter livid liquid is
asking why am i rotoscoping and not
motion-tracking or motion keeping
framing the mask because it's not that
many frames it's only 20 frames and I
don't move that much and so it'll just
it just be simpler to rotoscope because
it's not that it's just not that hard of
a frame and what I'm doing is not that
challenging of a thing and so it's just
luck easier to rotoscope rather than do
something like like motion tracking
double-doubles fuck stubble therapy's
fuck oh I've seen another world those
asking have you ever played another
world rich never played it no I've heard
of it it just got rereleased on Steam
and it looked fun it looked a lot like
it almost looked like a point-and-click
adventure game but but not yeah look it
looks interesting
look way Jack infocomm I don't know what
infocomm is Collin I'm sorry jack - I do
I have a favorite infocomm game and I
don't know what sure I guess I see I
guess I'm all into the game but I mean
there's no reason I can't take my time I
guess I'm like I'm literally an
absolutely no hurry but should I am
completely focused on these two little
fucking Haley Oh does a fire keep me
from getting there fuck that no I just I
wanted to get my sniper two more kills
and that's less likely to happen now
because I can't leave this room because
it's a fire in front of the door I was
gonna run him into the grenade range and
get both these jerks but that's not
gonna happen
well I'm sorry oh did I made another
that was that was a fucking like 32%
shot or something
everything's coming up millhouse oh and
Colin is saying that was a game company
in the early 80s that specializes in
text adventures oh and Colin if you
didn't know I'm just getting into text
adventures now I've never played a text
adventure games before we played frog
fractions a couple of weeks ago so I'm
just getting into now and I'm really
enjoying them really really enjoying
them and Sepphoris cane
I've heard of heavy bullets it looks fun
that rich have you seen heavy bullets
it's that like super like pink and
fuchsia first-person shooter roguelike
it looks really neat I have it I got it
I don't know if someone gifted that to
me or if I got it but I have it and I'm
really excited to play it that's gonna
be a game I stream I think so okay
yeah I said frog fractions I am a little
behind the times we didn't remember on
the farm we didn't have a computer we
didn't get a computer until very late in
the game this is why this is why I rich
and I rich and I are very different
gamers yep because I I grew up on 100%
consoles and rich grew up with PC gaming
so or very different gamers guys yes
rich if you hunker down up there you've
won a game this is so great
roof yep they know it already yeah I
just hunkered down on the roof
congratulations you've won the game I
don't know I don't think I've won this
is how you win the game has not happened
yet that's not my experience so far I
mean I don't know what else to do this
is all I know right all I know is you
get up on the roof you hunker down and
you win see I don't get on the roof
willy-nilly right I get on the roof for
a purpose sure we are well understood
purpose
well good well good I still oh oh x2 and
junk Bongo dr. rich did you use a
stepladder Oh reference craft regular
ladder I'm sorry I'm sorry in the pen
your hopes and your dreams but oh my god
rich well this is someone's comment and
I'm gonna read it for you okay hey Jack
could you tell rich that I think he's
not very good at XCOM I lost one person
in the first mission it was a rookie and
I think I'm doing great I don't know
what they think I should be doing but
what I'm doing seems to be working so I
really don't care what you that what I
wonder if they noticed that you were on
the roof and hunkered down maybe maybe
they haven't gotten to that point yet
and so they don't know how well you're
doing so boom can I just say that over
the holiday week there were many
occasions in which a stepladder was
brought up you know like four you know
we need to get this thing down from a
covenant we need a stepladder over here
I get a stepladder do this and every
single time I wanted to go a stepladder
and just repeat it was everybody and I
didn't yeah cuz no one would have known
no one would have known but every single
time that's what I just wanted to repeat
a stepladder
oh yes JP versus the world
JP versus the world wants me to tell you
that he's not very good at telling you
that you're good at ex-cons okay okay
whoever that was
why don't you think I'm good at next ,
because they're fucking dumb who cares
what did I do that insulted your
personal XCOM sensibilities too much
hunkering down maybe not you know people
are healthy I don't know I'm sure
they're just an asshole
everyone's yeah money many people are
assholes
this is true it's uh it's really true no
and for for those asking about Christmas
gifts holiday gifts I'm an adult with
children and so the best holiday gift I
got was you know I got some socks which
I'm really excited I guess haha you know
it's when when you are a parent it is
not about your gifts I got some socks
and I was really happy with that my wife
gave me some new pens and if anyone
knows me I carry a pen with me at all
times and I go through them a lot I lose
them and I go through pens a lot so she
got me some pens that I really like some
g-tubes so some really boring stuff that
I really like that's all I got is that
was that person answered she's
challenged my XCOM skills general that's
choice
oh no he did answer and he says I know
nothing about XCOM just being an asshole
okay thoughts I thought so
you know socks are amazing there were
there were some really nice warm socks
those really happy to get them and
Phoenix yes rich knows about the
extended war mod and oh I don't know if
there are spikes in XCOM I haven't
played enough of a rich spikes it is
nothing but spikes yes there's so many
spikes it's unbelievable huh
swab site I think rich is being a little
Curt with you Chad hurt my feelings you
know they were just they were just
trying to poke you I can't let him pokey
Ridge and we're not on speaking terms
know jack you can you tell the chat that
I am NOT on speaking time hold on JP
versus the world is recommending new
pens for me zebra 7 o ones I'm looking
those up right now those look alright oh
my god yeah I hate this one I got you
know I like the G to s and I were like
with a really fine point cuz I have
really poor penmanship and so if I have
too thick of a pen it just gets all
messy but I enjoy writing things down
it's looks like a not right pen I don't
know I don't spin pen it's beautiful I
just let you know I just like having a
pen I have a pen and a notepad we have a
subscriber we do Timothy Sinclair thank
you for her subscribing we very much
appreciate
nobody's dying Jack I think it's because
you're really good at X no nobody's
dying yeah except for that one that
really pisses me off that one from
earlier yeah this be a perfect run
otherwise oh um I'm really sorry that's
all right what does enemy within offer
that the base game does not theirs
even you can genetically modify your
troops seeing it like new abilities and
whatnot for your troops or you can turn
your troops into giant fucking cyborgs
death machines those are fun then they
also added some new enemy types one of
which I'm really fond of and then
there's some spoiler ish extra missions
they add one one of the missions they
added I think is actually that alone is
probably worth it for enemy with it but
I'm not gonna talk about that because
plot II spoilery stuff there's like four
or so new missions and one of them is
just fucking amazing but I can't talk
about it at all it's better than the
fucking finale of the game Oh does it
yeah it's comical easy it happens
the chat is asking for a consensus on on
ballpoint pens or fountain pens anyone
who carries a fountain pen is weird by
my standard ink everywhere yeah it
sounds awful that does sound awful no I
use modern technology it's alright did
you play they're asking if you played
the original XCOM rich yeah it's been a
long time since I've played it now but
I've played it did you play a lot
yes no not as much as I played the new
one okay
I like the tactical aspects of the new
one more the original ex come later the
later stages of the game it gets pretty
pretty micromanaging okay
all right that's cool though I might I
might I might do the original locks
comment a stream someday
sure yeah I'd love to see what it looks
like I know about that is um during our
invisible ink review I had to look up
some footage of the original XCOM to put
in there for for for a little you know
video thumbnail and that's the only
thing I've ever seen him the original ex
come see I actually discovered X count
pretty late in the game okay
I don't know if you you probably don't
remember this at all but the the the the
XCOM the bureau game oh I saw that yeah
I mean it looked terrible before enemy
Unknown was even mentioned as being a
release that was gonna be like the new
XCOM which the XCOM fans were kind of
pissed off about because it was nothing
like you know I was a shooter there's
nothing like the classic XCOM a strategy
game sure people were kind of pissed off
cuz they wanted a new turn-based
strategy game and they're getting fed
this crappy looking shooter and I you
know being being a PC gamer in general I
felt for them because people started
dumbing down everything once the
consoles oh yeah that's true
so I that I actually went and looked
into classic XCOM so I actually didn't
play ex-con for the first time till so
like 10 years ago or something like that
okay maybe not quite that maybe not even
quite that long so you know I actually
discovered ex-con because of the crappy
remake well so there you go
so the the remake did a little bit of
good yeah it made you not get it and
look at something else that was better
I think some guy I think someone else is
gonna pop up over here oh no Paul back
need to think more about what I'm doing
yes yes you do you need to think more
thinking is good thinking is good but
you know thinking is also hard so I
don't know what we're gonna do here
other countries don't have maps did ever
did you ever hear that see that clip of
wine no no the Miss America pageant
contestant Oh God no no what is this
rambling thing about other countries are
unfortunate because they don't they
don't have maps so I I think like if
more more countries had maps maps oh
those poor girls yeah I know those poor
girls you know I'm not even gonna call
she comes off looking really stupid but
I'm just good something has some
weird-ass political question you're just
there to look pretty and maybe won an
award what was there for what was the
one a couple of years know or care about
geopolitical crisis map no what was the
famous one a couple years ago or it were
like she started like spouting gibberish
and whatnot they were do you remember
that one where she's like she was like
and the and the American US citizens I
think that's her yeah she was funny and
she did interviews like afterwards she
was just like I I don't know what I was
saying I and she was apparently like an
intelligent girl and she was just like I
would I was hungry all day and just I
was done Miss Teen South Carolina yeah
yeah Miss South Carolina boy
the u.s. Americans that's what it was
and the u.s. Americans I'm sorry I'm
sorry that you ate this ma'am but you
know it's the map we got at least at
least not early on I don't know I don't
know I don't know Finn min Jack it's all
about the thinman does this have a lot
of thinman oh yes um I'm sorry public
speaking is hard you're right the next
blanket review public speaking is hard
and then doing so while trying to smile
and look nice and keep your composure
and then suddenly you know that you know
millions of people are watching and now
you know anything that's recorded on
camera will be repeated on YouTube
millions upon billions of times you know
cuz there's uh there's a lot of pressure
yeah yeah me too I don't know yeah I did
yeah yeah we know you know thin mints
you're right things are great a Michelle
not my favorite though peanut butter
patties are my favorite Girl Scout
cookie hey gobbledygook sun-hi that's
all
rich say hi to gobbledygook so I gobble
he looks um how are you doing hopefully
you're well maybe he's an infinity can't
ask answer you no no he says he says his
son is home from college oh oh uh if it
is a baby say I thought I was talking to
a baby and that just felt nervous
talking to your fucking baby your baby
you can shut up and die it's Doogie
Howser baby they're in college already
that's great do you have a favorite Girl
Scout cookie rich no no all right
leave me alone and stay away from my
door cookie come on Girl Scout cookies I
love peanut butter patties obviously you
don't like them because you're allergic
like anything jack peanuts it's a hope I
don't like anything he doesn't like a
mom up to including you up to including
me that's true
hello Draco thank you for subscribing
welcome back hello Draco we appreciate
it and yes rich did just curse out a
baby because rich is that candy it's
terrible ah they're all terrible it's
true it's show me one good baby
they're horrible assholes Boy Scouts
don't sell cookies they sell those like
popcorn containers with like the
different flavoured popcorns
so they don't got it they do haven't
though now the Girl Scout cookies have
candy bars they have Girl Scout cookie
flavored candy bars which i think is of
reaching a point of ridiculousness which
I kind of like because you know I like
them a little ridiculous I have a friend
an acquaintance I have an acquaintance
who works for a candy maker that helped
make those cookies those candy bar
cookies you know this thing about babies
Jack I I know some things about babies
yes they only care about themselves it's
really true only they only care about
himself I've I've never met a baby that
that wasn't just completely utterly
self-centered
but here and here's the most confusing
part so they're utterly self-centered
yet they have no sense of
self-preservation they'll fall off of
things they'll hit their heads on things
they do there's a sense of
self-preservation they're double
assholes is all I'm saying
the science is a wonderful thing they
took like a floor and part of the floor
was just like glass I was like if you
look down under the the floor was like a
10-foot drop yeah but it was glass it
was a solid surface and a baby would not
go near the glass part really yes I
don't believe that no it's true
it's really true all right I get I guess
I well I haven't seen that I applaud any
science that will put a baby in a
situation that the baby might think is
dangerous ha ha ha that's a positive
thing I agree I like it someone that's
on his thang babies decide to go to the
movies and that won't shut the fuck up
can we just make a general rule babies
are completely you know babies do not
babies do not belong in movie theaters
this is a thing this is something that
is very important to me they do not
belong in movie theaters they can't
watch them yes what does that assault No
the death machine I love her oh well you
know maybe talk to her a little bit ask
her how her days get to know her first
is all I'm saying
or yeah that's important yeah
I think it's fun good to know something
hey Jang kilo restaurants airplanes
airplanes that's something babies have
to be in airplanes because they have to
travel parents restaurants depends on
the restaurant but you know that's gonna
happen movies though there's new because
everyone should be quiet and babies
can't appreciate a movie restaurants and
airplanes are different let's not be
crazy
can we talk about how lewd babies are
how lewd yeah in public they'll just
start sucking on some woman's tits they
don't care they don't care the rules
don't apply to them that's what they
think just in public minding your own
business okay he's sucking on so much
dick yeah and then you catch out you
make eye contact with the baby and he
just whips you the bird and winks at you
no no they they stick out their tongue
at you
it's true Oh babies Oh Phil Davis is
saying he disagrees he envies that baby
yeah but you know if you started sucking
on someone's tit in public you would go
to jail it's true it's really true oh
lordy
you would go to jail I did not junkie I
did not bring my babies Oh
everyone missed wait a nice sniper still
got to take a shot oh do it sniper do it
no no I did not because I respect those
around me I waited until my children
were old enough and I made sure that
they respected the movie-going audience
and I also took them to very early movie
showings you know I wouldn't take him to
like a crowded later Johnny I'd go to
like the earliest movie showing I could
so I knew that not a lot of people would
be there and then you know slowly built
up and now they're very very well
behaved in movie theaters because that's
important to me
then you know that other people are
quiet during well I have an answer for
that I think oh uh Jam born ski asks an
interesting question rich yeah what is
the biggest case of buyer's remorse that
you have ever felt I'm gonna say oh I
thought that was in game related buyer's
remorse is what I'm gonna take from that
do you ever have game related buyer's
remorse uh yeah I can't think of any
specific examples I know I've had it
before I'm sorry I can't be more helpful
than that at this moment I'm trying to
think no but yeah it's happened hmm I
was really upset I have a specific
example that just happened recently I
got luftrausers for my Vita luftrausers
looped browsers wowzers okay not true
brick you're always thinking about
trousers
you're always thinking about men's pants
why is that on the back and it wasn't
even that expensive it was only like 15
bucks but after five minutes of playing
the game I knew exactly
what it was going to be and I was really
really upset it was just it was just it
was a game I knew I was gonna get sick
of right away and I did and I I'm really
I'm really upset with how much they
charge for luftrausers and it was it's a
fun little thing to pick up like for
five minutes but there's no you will get
no more than five minutes of good
gameplay out of luftrausers
Jack I am I am very not terribly sorry
no no you know that was my fault I
should have known better but I really
thought there was gonna be more yeah
Luke's dressers and after I bought it it
became free on PS Plus so that was me
being dumb but you know it's see it
happens sometimes he make bad game but I
even like I researched and I saw like
some some reviewers were saying positive
things about it and it looked fun the
the artwork is brilliant in those
trousers and like the gameplay is even
fun but there's just not enough there's
not enough I hated loose trousers I
hated of roof trousers you're right dr.
fector and every time I turn on my Vita
it's there it's there it's staring at me
saying you wasted your money on me
laughs I'm sorry
you should be I'm you know you learn you
these are the lessons of life Ridge
hopefully I learned it right right
spoofed meows first that doesn't make
any sense
spoofing elzar's I don't know it does
what I'm trying to think of try to think
of any other like games that I was I was
like excited about and then turned out
to be horribly disappointing Emry 801
says hey Jack if I make a game will you
guys play it on a stream maybe you you
might regret it I'm gonna say I'm gonna
say more than likely yes cuz often we we
look for stuff to play you know and
sometimes it's just what we want to play
and sometimes we're looking for
something new
so you more than likely yes if you make
a game we will we've played you know we
played the fan made game that was really
fun we play a lot of browser games those
are always fun to play super super time
for us ultra
I don't know if that was that might have
been gifted to me I regret playing it
but that might have been right I know I
was bad I so I don't know if I uh I
don't if I did buy it then yes I regret
buying it but I think that might have
been gifted to me so that's all I got
for that one it might have been
you know when I when I got my we you
Jack is you just wanted me to know that
you're winning the game congratulations
technically I am winning the game though
the two really aren't relating uh you
know you think they're not but here you
are winning the game and hunker down on
a roof I'm not gonna say it's a
coincidence cuz it might be but Richard
have you ever played Super Star Wars
yeah it was a platformer that's is I
don't know and I have no rarely generic
standard platformer with Star Wars hmm
cuz Star Wars was it good
Wow okay well there you go y-you didn't
bring up that old game I don't know
maybe you know maybe they didn't like it
so they were hoping okay um you regret
eider son could be I mean I got bigger
regrets and super Star Wars
promotions like if I can get a bunch of
beta codes to pass out to your peers
what do you mean many many the very King
I mean I don't understand what you mean
by promotions I don't know I don't
understand people like beta keys just
give them out I don't know dude and
streamer you know have people contact
you through twitch Ivan yeah just do
what you do
we'll see don't obviously yeah obviously
you know that we might get into like a
spammy thing was like talk to me tell me
beat us send me a message about it send
previously recorded to underscore live a
message about it and I answer those and
then we'll talk about it now about that
I mean if I knew the devs of an
incentive oh yeah it talked to me about
that and then what we can may be able
make it happen who knows we'll we'll
deal with them
we'll deal with that yeah I didn't see
the interview did you see the interview
rich now I've heard yes I've heard less
than average things about it and that's
what I expected so I probably will not
see it because I don't care that much
and I wasn't I wasn't going to see it
before the controversy and so just
because there's controversy I'm not
going to see it so what's my assault
should I go defensive or aggressive
I'm usually a fan of defense so
aggressive it is no I think that's will
prereq ever go to e3 or PACs or do
segments there ideally yes ideally yes
because you know I want to if we imagine
how much fun I would have at e3 you
don't think yeah well what about like a
pax those conferences are usually the
most boring thing in the world I don't
want to watch the whole damn you know I
just want the fucking highlights yeah
yeah care about the show what do they
announce tell me got me gag am I glad
there are so much corporate jeguk
jackasses connect like I'm one of you
yeah I think if you're there it's
different then you get you get all you
get all swept up you get to actually
play some of the games that's nice I
would go for work but it's not it's not
something I would choose to do on my
arse okay
okay ah I wanna go I hate to be fun
what's going on here Thanks it's good
away in Washington
oh I don't I don't know they're talking
about no doesn't matter you know what
doesn't matter doesn't matter doesn't
matter
Jia's reading the chat reading the chat
if there
Amriki 801 says if we ever go to pax
east we can crash in his creepy basement
so we got back on for us pax is the
Penny Arcade yes my the only person who
just doesn't like Penny Arcade you don't
like Penny okay no I don't oh I don't I
don't find it funny oh I'm happy I'm
happy for their success and I know other
people like them it's just me personally
mm-hmm I think it's fine I mean I'll
take a slug II freelance with its
funniness and and and tight continuity
over over the random randomness of Penny
Arcade oh that's that's kind of what I
like the the randomness and absurd humor
when it comes to web comics comic strips
in general slow you freelance that is my
comic of choice here first
Raj Evans endorsing sluggy freelance
I've never even heard of that I can't I
can't describe it quickly so great okay
well then there you go there you go you
know I used to follow a couple uh I mean
I have not seen a penny arcade comic in
a while just cuz you've run out of time
I used to follow a couple comics but I
don't anymore rich should be the Grinch
for Halloween why because I'm not that
fun to penny arcade oh I didn't say it
was the worst thing to ever exist and
that you shouldn't like it I just said
it's not for me I'm sorry my personal
opinion bothers you it does oh man it
does oh Jesus it's so much it bothers me
so much rich
I like this thing and because you don't
like this thing with something rich
you're using the expansion why don't you
upgrade your troops with some because my
money is first going to go into the
combat training school that's priority I
just I think you just learned a lesson a
lesson in XCOM you're welcome done I'll
try and get a cyber boot camp sure where
the ice creatures alive what's a cyborg
trooper the neck trooper all their
badass you'll say paragate find out what
operating from I'll let you guys know
I'm officially save and quit
after-effects I could construct a
facility from down down you just quit on
it for the night mostly because I've
been having beers orders never with all
right that's true but I'll just pick it
up tomorrow it'll be fine it'll be fine
I'm I'm starting to get I'm starting to
get a little lazy with the effects where
it's just like yeah this will be fine
it's like no I should just stop and wait
till I'm motivated tomorrow again and
pick it up fresh pick it up fresh rich
what are your thoughts on XCOM the
Bureau it looks a very bland extremely
amazingly Blanding don't know a training
school
sorry game game things happening oh I do
I don't even notice Jesus Christ do I
work on the 31st yeah I work on the 31st
I uh I work for myself which means I
work every single day every day I can't
I work and everyday I don't work it
means I'm not working yeah I need you
need to work people if you work for
yourself invited me over on the 31st so
I'm not working at all oh I'm still not
sweet
I will not oh sure I suppose maybe that
was the question we will not be
streaming on the 31st on New Year's Eve
on Wednesday mostly though because Jays
annual red letter media stream Athan is
the first and you know obviously we
don't want to we don't want to outstay
our welcome so though they'll be on the
first I'll definitely show up on the
first for a little bit in the chat Jay
will obviously be there so we will not
be streaming on the 31st I will be
working on the 30 purchased doesn't work
every day
cuz that's how I work it was the biggest
beer snob at Tech technically purely
technically would that be me because you
don't drink because I don't yes yes okay
I'm okay with this
yes it's probably I don't know if any of
us are beer snobs you know like it's
it's always fun to get new beer you know
to try something new and I think I think
Mike is least likely to try something
new
as far as beer is concerned and I don't
know if that means he's the most
snobbish or the least snobbish but I
don't know so I don't know yeah probably
probably so yeah maybe maybe Mike's the
biggest beer snob just because he won't
try new beer you guys talking about
nine-to-five by Dolly Parton love that
song I work hard for the money I do
about the movie
I like 9 to 5 - Mike that's fun that's a
Dolly Parton the Sally Field Sally Field
not Sally Field
Dolly Parton tip-toe no Lili Taylor only
Tomlin Lily Tomlin that's the one don't
like pardon and Jane Fonda is that Jane
Fonda I've got to say that's Jane Fonda
it's been a while since I've seen it is
that fourth I thought I was only three
okay I haven't seen that movie it's so
damn long Soundgarden Jane Fonda yeah
yeah Lily Tomlin right what was he doing
in the game I think I'm doing nothing
right now
yeah so the end yes I told so satellite
all right all right back back to beer
snobbery also although what not unless
you're back to beer snob back to zero so
just funny I can't explain it well I'm
glad it is neither though that sounds
like an old British sitcom welcome back
to be a snobbery star a starring
Benedict Cumberbatch they wouldn't call
it that though they would call it
something like say a finicky brewery
finicky persnickety brews
oh that's it I do like finicky brewery
there's persnickety brews that's my vote
uber Snicket Hebrews last week on
persnickety brews Annabelle got herself
in a bit of a pickle when she took the
lift to the loo
British people they're so weird
my least-favorite alcohol crocodile
brain is asking my least-favorite
alcohol and would probably be tequila
mostly because way back in the day I
drank a lot of it I think a lot of
people when they get into drinking start
drinking tequila because you know you do
the fun thing with the salt and the
tequila shot and then the lime and you
know it turns into a bit of a like a
like a party drinking game drinking is
the party drinking game which obviously
sounds terrible but you know drank a lot
of it right out of high school and now I
don't like it at all just the smell of
it still and I haven't had it in years
and years and years a smell that makes
me awful awful sick so Jake are you ever
going to play exocomp again fine you
know I it's it's tough like there are
games that I want to get into like XCOM
I'd love to take a look at the dota 2
you know like there are games that I
want to play just because I know people
get into them and love them and I just
don't know if I have that much of me I
don't know is that we're doing the same
likes absolutely so the answer is
probably no but I'd like to the Rising
Sun is saying Richie that there's an
article on polygon right now saying that
alien isolation is the best boldest game
of the year absolutely if that is their
opinion that's fine we perfect disagree
I disagree with it's the boring is gamer
here yeah yeah
that's that's about myself watching my
paint drive and playing the game I might
ain't dota 2 I don't know I it's it's
one of those things where people lose
their lives to those games so they must
be good in some mill fashion right it
looks like somebody just walked into the
street as I see a comment yes some
motherfucking ex-cop yeah I'm gonna be
that guy says well if poor Agarn says
that he's a very respectable Pokemon
you're right I love it
no you know it's that's their opinion
and that's fine then I'm not going to be
mad at them for having a different
opinion than me it's just fine you know
I obviously a lot of people really like
daily in isolation it wasn't rich a nice
thing it is weird that we're so 180 of
everyone else though it is just like it
I hated it honestly I hated it so much
and we both did I hated it so much I
have no idea how people are getting this
like visceral reaction to it it does
confuse me but that's their that's their
thing and I'm not going you know I'm not
gonna take that away from anyone who's
behind us fine doesn't everything's fine
I almost failed the shift that UFO down
oh no oh oh okay gotcha we're gonna were
to make some cyborgs yes I want to see
what I'm gonna see what cyborg
fur bars get a chance to be in the squad
room yes go fart bar fired Bart Bart
Bart Bart Bart
my name yes
that's excellent fart noise I'm Pro your
pro part mine but wait one I'm sorry
people know that I pay I'm the one
paying attention to the chat because
you're playing and so whenever they
really want me to read something they
make sure to type jack in all capital
letters and the Rising Sun has taken it
to a new extreme by typing Jack okay
well that certainly worked it got my
attention you're right and now but now
everyone's gonna do it yeah then no one
doesn't you can't do that oh yeah he's
gonna work damn fault it's true do
either of y'all think there were any
classic games from the last console
generation yeah yeah so Vanquish though
nobody else is probably going to agree
with me on that but Vanquish is just
fucking amazing
okay that's great so last console
generation we're talking ps3 360 Wii
right yeah I'm assuming we're counting
these games even if they also came out
on the PC sure well oh and I guess I
just assumed console games because you
talked about the last console generation
but I mean if they also came out on a PC
yes the Arkham games oh sure sure I'm
really excited to play those oh that's
right you haven't done that yet I
haven't done that yet but I'm really
looking forward to it I see I have them
both in mas team and I'm very excited
yeah no I mean there's there's a ton of
really good games for the last console
generation as far as I'm concerned but
you know classic classic is hard because
we that's just something that you don't
know it's a time you know
I'm I really you know Super Mario Galaxy
was a beautiful game I don't know I
don't know if it'll stand the test of
time because it didn't do anything that
spectacular except for like refine
things they were working on the previous
console generation but I thought it was
a very good game sunshine what's gallic
galaxy Oh galaxy yeah what's fun it's
fun it's fun but the other question is
you know like classic will it hold the
test of time I don't know I don't know
me these the end so that's what I'm
saying it's like it's really hard to
talk about stuff like this just because
we don't have the context of that Angry
Birds absolutely a revolution of the
last console generation a fuck Angry
Birds no revolution oh it classic
all-time classic current fans maybe but
all-time classic here's the thing about
Angry Birds it's terrible first of all
happy birthday Steve Zi Shi hey happy
birthday Steve you great you use your
super birthday here's the thing about
Angry Birds Angry Birds was at this
point where you know smartphones were
becoming more and more ubiquitous right
oh sheesh you keep you targeted shit oh
oh I thought you were telling me to show
show no no no no sing shit but I was
saying it's slowly so fuck here's the
thing about Angry Birds mobile or
smartphones were becoming more and more
ubiquitous right so it was at that point
where the most people had a smart one
had a smartphone than ever before and
there needed to be that game that
uniquely took advantage of the
smartphone's
touch capabilities which Angry Birds
does right
Angry Birds like is easier to play on a
touchpad than it is with a controller or
with a mouse and keyboard
it's more intuitive there's and there's
a feel to it with your with the
touchscreen and so it agree birds will
forever be known as the first giant
mobile game therefore it is a classic
weather I mean and it's a fine game it's
a simple game it's you know casual game
it's a very simple game but it will be a
classic because it was the first big one
mm yeah so I like Angry Birds it's a
fine game I'm Jack that is that is the
end of my very strong opinions on Angry
Birds oh you're right I am forgetting
snake snake on ti-83 's TI 80 ones what
are you going on about know what what
what kind of insanity did you ever have
in like high school when you're taking
advanced math classes the TI 81 eat
apples yeah and you had it on your
graphing calculator yeah yeah yeah so
that was like they're saying that's the
first mobile game and I thought that was
funny

[Part III]
for game and I thought that was funny
now Angry Birds
sir jack of Milwaukee yep you guys know
how to get my attention
will you make anymore Russian guy tries
to join the pga video videos no i
preferred the football video the
football kicker video i thought was
better i didn't much care for the golf
one i probably not because I've not
heard of this thing you speak of it's a
video I made we're all okay
a Russian football kicker and I wanted
to join the NFL and then we did one
where I wanted to join the PGA and it
just didn't work out as well as I was
hoping it would I don't remember that it
was a while I think it was last last
winter actually okay so it was a while
ago and I just you know it's that one
didn't turn out what what we were hoping
to do was actually go do golf trick
shots in the snow and it and we couldn't
get it to work right so I was actually a
little disappointed in that video
oh god damn it I'm so sorry and for all
of you who are saying you love the space
quest room and you want us to stream or
older games we will we're gonna do we're
gonna do Leisure Suit Larry - that's
gonna be our next one we're gonna play
it together it's gonna be great
he's super awesome Phoenix our constant
asker of spikes is from Michigan wrench
yeah he says how about that game today I
can only assume you're talking about a
football game I don't pay any attention
to football hey I've seen any of the
games today so did the Packers win did
they lose I don't know they might have
they might have I haven't I have no idea
Phoenix I'm really sorry I play
I don't I'm really sorry Arthur spikes
in Michigan that's the good question
Phoenix are there spikes in Michigan
sweep
Packers won Broncos won what Packer
whoopty fucking do I don't okay yeah it
doesn't matter to me
whichever bit whoever went
congratulations to everyone great
whoever wins the Bears loose someone was
someone is saying they loved watching my
discovery of text adventure games I
loved severing them that was great yeah
yeah it's the so it's it's you know you
can't be exposed to everything I was
just I knew of text adventure games but
I was never exposed to them before I
never I never thought about them in a
way that were I would ever try to play
them and here I was in a situation where
I was thrust upon me and I loved it
loved it loves and loved it it's and so
and you know maybe then the lesson for
us all is just make sure you try
something new every once in a while
because you just might like it oh okay
here's a great question the Rising Sun
it's saying All Things Considered which
console do you think is the best and the
answer is very simple PC it's your
computer 100% 100% 100% computer all the
time I'll I mean you know I have I love
my Wii U why I play it all the time but
it's it's the the console has more
diversity and cheaper games it's it's
the the computers the way to go 100% of
time we I was talking to this with some
of like my younger cousins over the
holidays and you know they were really
excited about possibly using like
Christmas money to get a console and
it's just like
like look at these computers yep look at
your computer situation get that going
get that gone I love my we you good
about that that ps4 for the show I
almost regret it right cuz at least at
least one one particular game I've found
out is also coming out in the PC okay
well we have it just in case which is
nice you know we should have one of
everything to make sure that we play
whatever comes out upon but yeah it's
collecting dust yes haven't touched it
since the alien isolation bit yep you
know oh and now I'm gonna be that guy
saying are my kids into gaming yes yeah
the older one who is old enough to play
games now oh we love playing Smash
Brothers together it's super great it's
super great and we can be on the same
team and you know we just we will play
smash for way too long it's it's the
greatest how old is he or or more
accurately how old am I six okay six and
so you know it's it's super great and
the really fun thing about it is you
know like the currents Nash has all the
as a bunch of like classic game
characters like Megaman and pac-man so
then like that leads to conversations
about these games you know like Megaman
which are games that I love you know now
he has a reference to her like wanting
to play those older games and playing
pacman and you know it's it's so it's
really fun it's really fun and what's
really great about like him playing
smash and just getting into video games
in general is you'll see him like
physically kick when the character kicks
yeah you know like he's that into it
where like you'll see his body like
spasm with the character movement
because he's so into it I really enjoy
them so I really enjoy that
yeah Murdoch we've talked about that
before Jackson and Parker are both my
children from from the joke videos but
they do this I got the times people we
spent a while going over this you might
have not have been there for that stream
but yes they are both mine so Parker is
is who and Jackson likes walking he's
not old enough yet to play games Ellie
but we we enjoy playing games together
they were look we were looking at that
captain toad treasure
and I was like and you know it's like
right now it's like 40 bucks it's a
little too much for a game that we might
not play captain toad treasure quest
yeah it's like a it's like a exploration
Oh
although the the mario toad toad the
mario toad game yeah yeah yeah I recall
that yeah so sorry the name was so odd
sounding it there we think yeah captain
toad captain oh no I don't know we were
watching the trailers for I like my Jack
Benny put Jack Benny back on the radio
grandpa rich what's a radio why you
don't know what a radio is grandpa rich
how did you even get on the computer how
are you talking to me
I've got a computer I thought this was a
telephone I hope you stand up against my
ear it's got two buttons on it I don't
know why the receiver would need two
buttons hello
I'm gonna be that guy says that
minecraft ruins a child's interest in
all other things I've heard that
so many times so far we have not shown
them minecraft they know it exists cuz
other kids play it but but yes I heard
over and over again that once you show a
kid minecraft they will play nothing
else than minecraft which is true it
like it's just it's video Legos why
would you play anything else
it's Legos without the restrictions of
having to get more Legos they're never
gonna relay some Lego game you just
build things with Legos are they there's
minecraft you don't need it like oh I'm
just saying cuz they don't still want
people to buy Legos I wonder I wonder if
any of the like I haven't played any
other Lego games I hear they're good I
hear they have nothing to do with
actually like creatively building what
you want to build right they're just
games that happen to have Lego
characters in them mmm things are made
out of Lego bricks but you don't
actually write assemble them at any
meaningful creative way they should they
should just make a minecraft clone with
actual legos no you know we could play
what I do have Lego Marvel superheroes
oh do you yeah oh yeah that's kind of
Awesome in a geekiest possible way sure
no and I've been seeing people saying I
just saw someone mentioned D&D; and that
makes me think some of the other things
we play with Park who's older now is you
know we're trying to get him into board
games we just got him for Christmas
Catan Junior there's a Catan Junior
there's a Catan Junior a way to teach
your children how to play in Catan but
really it's like it's like a light
version of Catan it's pretty fun
actually and it is just like a stripped
down version of Catan and so that's
really fun we do play some D&D; style
like tabletop
dice rolling adventure games where we we
drew out rooms and then we randomize the
the placement of the rooms and then we
like give each room a treasure and a
randomized enemy and like he uses we use
like mario guy's right like we just use
action figures that we have around the
house and then they have to make their
way through the dungeon to rescue the
princess or
whatever you know we make up the story
and it's like a light version of
Dungeons & Dragons that that I can play
with him and when friends come over it's
really it's really neat and it means I
get to bring out my 20-sided die which
is obviously the worst thing in the
world because it's really nerdy but you
know like they the kids shockingly get
really into it because you know like
you're playing this game right and and
it's not just about like attacking the
enemies you know so it's like we have a
little Mario action figure and like a
little Goomba action figure right and so
then it's like okay you're gonna attack
the Goomba what are you gonna do and
then the kid has to like describe to you
like how they're gonna attack it so like
are you gonna jump on it are you gonna
try to punch it and then they like get
really into describing like the story of
the game it's really it's really it's
really but nerdy can be fun it's you
know it's really fun what scriber bow
Barbarella people who weren't here last
Sunday won't get that thank you
good it's pretty good for subscribing we
really really appreciate it I know I
know there's just one of these fuckers
left and so take me forever to find him
you can do it you can do it oh you're in
the spaceship I haven't even been paying
attention so sorry that's fine
attention not required attention now oh
my god you're totally right
it's the plot to shock my I'm teaching
my children the plot to shock about
their plan yep they're playing a boy
okay open the damn door microfiber
militia yeah once we start LARPing
that's when it turns into shock I'm a
territory and that's when you need to
worry kill I've never played reach have
you ever played Magic the Gathering no
yeah neither have I sorry I there were
people like at my high school who were
really really into it and I just I don't
know I never got into it I'm sure it's
fun I'm also sure it's fine Oh Colin is
heading to bed now
good night Colin good night Colin thanks
for coming by Oh also rich would you
close that fucking door
no there's gonna stay open motherfucker
deal with it
I like oh well see ya this is and I was
just gonna talk about this is like
lighter versions of deck-building games
I do it cuz magic the cash to get the
whoa whoa too many beers right no Magic
the Gathering is a deck building game
but it's one of those games where like
you have a permanent deck I like the
lighter deck building game to wear every
time I have a randomized deck you know
and we've played games like that you
know like munchkin is a light deck
building game the Penny Arcade Penny
Arcade has a deck building game that's
actually super super fun there is a we
have a Marvel game Marvel what does it
call now it's in the other room I could
go check we have a marvel deck deck
building game that's super fun there's
there's a bunch of these like lighter
magic inspired games that are that are
lights deck building games that I really
enjoy smash up oh I've played smash up I
like smash up yeah smash up is really
fun deck building randomize yeah these
are all this is a marvel ascension what
is it called just about everything is
fucking damaged that's fine legendary
thank you marvel it's the legendary
marvel deck building game pretty fun
it's a that's a cooperative deck
building game where you all have to work
together to defeat bad guys so either
everyone wins or everyone loses
well good night Craig nation thanks for
stopping by
okay the Rising Sun in the long run do
you think that Nintendo's experiments
with its consoles controllers are a good
thing or a bad thing for example do you
think they will prevent games on those
systems from becoming classics or do you
think they're advancing interaction with
games in the right direction well it
depends my well not you're just asking
about motion controls because like their
past innovations have been things like
the analog stick which everybody else
copied and now uses yeah the shoulder
button this was another Nintendo
innovation which everybody else copied
and now uses so their innovations have
been great things but they've also bit
them on the ass ya know and i overall
experimentation should always be
encouraged because you will never you
will never know what works until you
know what doesn't work you know i think
their experimentation with motion
control has proven to god as proven to
not work because they're not using
motion control anymore but i think one
of the things that they found was what
people really liked about the wiimotes
is using them as a classic NES
controller where it's a classic
controller and so they a lot of their
games now like for example Smash
Brothers is a pretty complicated game
but you can play it using the Wii mode
just the Wii mote like an NES controller
and so they've they've they've learned
that simplified controls is a really
good thing and so hopefully that's what
they've learned is making making the
game as simple to play as possible and
whether that means motion controls or
whether that means just a few button
inputs I don't know I I like a big
controller I like the the the Wii U has
that pro controller that I really
using I like the Xbox 360 controllers
but get that money then France is gonna
be in a panic if I don't take care of
France
I need money though
take this permission number sell
everything fucking it's all fucking
everything it's gonna be ridiculous the
question being asked to me is it are
there is there a motion controls game
that I enjoy I take that that is that a
no from you or did is that amazing a
guessing game keys no more heroes I
actually do think it uses the motion
controls really well
oh okay okay I really liked the motion
controls in Twilight Princess I thought
that the sword fighting was really
corpse a lot thank you for subscribing
so wats the corpse align DHE underscore
Co RP I'm singing s EA l OT a lot yeah
that's a fun name it is corpse a lot
this time it was actually really good
oh my god did he know that the core plot
I don't he might have what the fuck
indeed so in any case the the motion
controls in Twilight Princess I really
enjoyed you know using like the the the
nunchuck to move your character than
swinging the sword I I thought that felt
really nice
whose idea was it to have Ishtar and the
latest best horse well Mike mentioned at
first Mike made an Ishtar joke I don't
think he knew the trailer was gonna be
edited in three times that might have
been all J yeah that's all J that J
edited the episodes and and did it well
oh yeah like yeah the week Oh such such
a simple game it's it's hard to talk
about it i like the wii sports bowling
game doing it well but yeah they did
motion controls well you can put spin on
the ball that was needs that was neat
bill let the heck oh it's finally i
didn't to be a part of a mission to oh
nobody nobody has died this is great
alright money do it i'm not gonna get
money i'm gonna get more engineers
engineers are always good and it's gonna
help with my panic okay well great I'm
doing the safe thing oh good good good
night anarchy 100 oh and Ricky I get it
it's a funky spelling of anarchy to get
it yeah that's cute rich because you
officially sent out the copies when when
will a horrible glory get his copy of
the Star Wars Holiday Special
it's it's there tomorrow oh yeah it's
coming it's coming it's out of the way
somebody told me they did not get their
copy of ducktales and I could swear I
sent it out we sent that oh you know who
hasn't responded to my twitch message
yet by the way we have we have
officially sent out all but one did you
send it out via Steam yeah well then
check your steam account man hold on for
a second a lack of checking right the
second oh no not you I'm trying to
remind to check earlier but for some
reason steam wouldn't let me into my
inventory said you have zero items which
I know is not true okay no maybe or more
heavy they're having an issue I want to
say mr. Foreman Ellie if oh fuck
woah woah fuck
fuck what did what did you do
III agitated a nest of vipers fuck
mr. Foreman le has not gotten back to me
with with with game stuff as far as the
the mspaint
pictionary winners everyone has gotten
ahold of me except for mr. Foreman le I
want to say you need to get a hold of me
so we can give you a game because you
won if you're here today
well we'll end and you know what who was
it with duck tails I remember the name
how does the other that is in the chat
before we started streaming so oh that's
that's I'm gonna be that guy we will
look into it I'm gonna be that guy we
will officially look into it I don't
want to lose anybody Jack are you gonna
lose someone
ah oh that that elongated F like tickled
the inside of my ears the worst
celebrity appearance in a video game I
don't know I have no idea I heard that
Peter Dinklage was particularly bad in
destiny I didn't play destiny but I
heard he was pretty bad in it oh do you
mean like or do you mean like Kevin
Spacey being in the new Call of Duty
just as Kevin Spacey that could be I
mean fuck off fuck you I'm gonna be that
guy we're gonna look into it don't you
worry we have a copy of ducktales
somewhere around here and we will send
it to you I'm sure I sent them all out
though I wonder what could have happened
well you know what it could just be a
steam glitch where it's like you thought
you sent it out and then steam glitched
and it didn't get sent out you know it
could be something really easy so we
will look in to yeah I'm not I'm not
trying to call it I'm gonna be that guy
I'm gonna be like I'm not trying to call
him a liar II just no no oh and yes
fearful slug boy I do know that I never
made a Smash TV highlight video I did
make a highlight video Smash TV ain't
which I never imported it over to
YouTube because rich and I literally did
not talk about anything for the entirety
of the Smash TV you and I rich did not
say a damn word you stay off my goddamn
assault you strangling piece of shit see
what I'm talking about I don't know
I decided I decided that it was not
worth porting over to our YouTube
channel cuz we just didn't say anything
and that was the weird one where like we
were using the game audio through the TV
that was picking up on the microphone so
it's like everything sounded awful and
it's just like ah you know yeah you know
the biggest bitch I've discovered is the
entirety of the mspaint pictionary
stream you know how we had all of those
connection breaks and we had to like
keep starting and stopping the stream is
that ended up into 18 different
broadcasts you know some of them are
just a couple minutes long but you know
we're talking throughout the entire
thing and so I've had to download each
of them individually I'll cut them
together export them and then re-upload
them to YouTube to make sure that they
are fine but boy boy those were those
are tough that's all I got okay
I can't argue with that that's all you
have is and yes past broadcasts do get
deleted from twitch but not highlights
so the highlight will still be there but
the patents past broadcasts get deleted
after a couple months I think they you
had to work with them I had to work with
what am I talking about
Cory's / are you talking about Barbara
Allah that was great and you love it
no I'm just saying it's it's gonna be
it's just gonna be tough to make sure
that they're all organized oh I'm not
complaining I'm just I guess I am
complaining it's not a big complaint
it's just it's more it's a it was more
effort than I thought and going in but
it'll still be worth it cuz it was a
really fun stream and I think it'll make
a really fun highlight video so scroll
past so I can't see who said it was
somebody in the chat ass what makes rlm
videos so addictive well that would be
the the crack that we cut into every
video mm-hmm yeah it's and the hard part
about that crack is ionizing it so that
it gets absorbed in digital form it's
very very very tricky because they're
like you know the so the light that
emits during an rlm video is actually
absorbed into your pores and that has a
small crack of flavors yes yeah you know
what it has and now I never did you ever
watch Mystery Science Theater 3000 I've
seen like two episodes you know
yeah me too and me as well I never I
never had a need for it if I wanted to
laugh at a bad movie I would do that
myself with Mike or Jay you know needs
somebody else to do that for me
that was exactly my thought when
watching Mystery Science Theater want to
watch this movie so taking my assault
again oh fuck no fuck these aliens
they're alien bullshit yeah that's right
that's all right
oh god misses 70% sure if I lose that
assault for this bullshit I'm not gonna
be a happy man yeah well there you go
- misses from 70% or so hey bridge
admiral fart bar asks a good question
are there any games next year that
you're looking forward to hold on I'm
gonna hold on rich is gonna have a heart
attack I'm calling an ambulance
yeah they're putting they put me in a
hole rich yeah good so put me on hold
what happened what happened
everybody missed 70 or 80% shots oh
those are well you were getting all of
those shots that were like 30 percent or
finally came around oh okay
the mad the mad dice of XCOM she's on
the verge of death um so I mean did you
are you on the roof no I'm not going to
be on the fucking roof and you can shove
the roof up your goddamn asshole here
can you do that for my Jack can you
shove the roof up you fucking asshole
here's what I'm going to say can you do
that with some rusty nails along do
earlier you were hunkered down on the
roof and I think you're winning pretty
handily and right now you are not
hunkered down and not on the roof and
this is what's happening the I'm just
I'm using the information I have
available to try to make the best
decisions I do I do know that but
there's nothing you can do about it you
people should have seen the crazy things
that Jack was doing we're playing risk
the other day it was like he didn't
understand things rich came over
Christmas Eve so we could play some risk
but my brother-in-law it's been a while
since he played racing we used to play
all the time and he was in town so we
put we played some risk and it was
really fun to play risk again and I
don't have a mind for strategy so I just
on the wild card I'd do whatever and I
made I made it to I'm a I almost I made
it to second place second place to rich
when when we started the game how many
countries did you get dealt in Australia
Australia has four sections and I got
dealt three of the four sections of
Australia okay yes guess you could not
hold on to Australia not even once did I
get Australia how many how do you how
many terms did I have in Australia when
we started that game no you had none I
had none I ended up getting Australia
from you yes I missed my brother and my
brother-in-law was being a bit of a cunt
even though he didn't care about
Australia he kept putting troops in
there just so I would have to fight and
then I lost all the dice rolls
it was terrible ah Jesus Christ
I I wanted Australia's so bad and then
eventually I had left it and but you
know what I did get I got Europe and I
held all of Europe for two or three
turns which is a hard thing to do so
yeah well it's cuz at that point I
didn't care about you like I was
dominating the rest of the globe yes
rich was winning and he he went he went
he spared me because he knew I was an
easy victory as many risk cards as the
other people so they were they were
higher on my radar yeah I i gobbled
everybody up like pac-man the end of the
game yes I just wept through the whole
globe in one term wept at all it was a
masterful play I learned some lessons it
was it was you know what it was just fun
to play risk again it had been a long
time since I got it you got to play the
risk cards you can't worry about holding
one of the comments you just can't
that's what I always worry about I
always want to hold the continent
because then you get the the extra guy
it's a nice bonus but but you win you
win with the risk cards
yeah so rich went with the strategy of
just steamrolling like you yeah you beat
some / you beat one person you get all
of their risk cards and if they have
enough cards to get more little armies
which you can place right away then you
steamroll the next person you get their
risk cards it was it was a masterful
stroke it was
we weren't ready for you fuck everything
is coming up fuck yeah why can you not
get all the way over there that doesn't
make any sense
why is the yellow lined here what is
going on what's it
I'm very confused I don't I can't I
can't help hearing confused I don't know
what I can't help I don't know what the
game is doing I think I'm running gun I
can still pick that up taking a risk
Oh we'll bring it back around yeah
taking out taking a risk and we got
thrilled we got it we got it
I want I want to get some cyborgs before
we're done streaming today oh okay yeah
I want to see a cyborg rich the next
point can you say to me yeah someone's
talking to you we all know these jokes
we know these jokes every night and you
know them no no no these jokes this is a
new me he wants to tell you something
all right
he wants to say TIE fighter oh it's
fucking hard in the best possible way ah
yes TIE fighter is glorious glorious
it's a glorious game that I'm never ever
gonna play really I know no that looks
like way too much looks like way too
much also the rising of the Rising Sun
asks what is the best value for money
DLC you ever bought and I'm going to
agree with feel fearful sludge boy the
FTL expansion is the best value because
it's free yeah the days when you could
buy a game and you would own the whole
game I mean you didn't have to buy
pieces they cut out later I noticed that
I hate DLC I know you do I know I do and
FTL did it I don't open that why you
open in that door that's not what I
wanted to do close the fucking door
oh god there's nobody in there everyone
safe
that that assaults I love who gets all
the kills is on one health and she's
completely out of cover and when I click
to move one guy instead of moving they
opened the door but there were no aliens
inside so everyone's ok ok you know they
know the strategy they're on the fucking
roof turd Ferguson you're right I also
remember when you didn't have to pay to
be a beta tester and yeah I do really
like my Mario Kart DLC but that's just
because I really like Mario Kart like if
you're not 100% into Mario Kart you
won't give a fuck about the Mario Kart
DLC but I really like it I really like
it everyone yes that's a I like that's a
favorite of mine Cameron Mitchell what a
great movie tear in Beverly Hills yes
our shit
dick the Nutri boy says because of us
he bought space quests collection on GOG
oh cool I hope you enjoyed yeah I hope
you enjoyed it too and die you fucker
die not you dick the neutral boy other
people maybe I thought I am lame oh yeah
that's a good point binding of issac
wrath of lamb was a good expansion as
well before before rebirth came out
there was the original game and then the
wrath of lamb expansion which just added
more to the game for just a couple bucks
extra so that's I mean that's the thing
right this is gonna be a very general
statement but if you really like a game
then you're okay plot paying more for
more of that game like rich was saying
earlier with the with XCOM you know
enemy within an enemy unknown right yeah
if you're if you're gonna like it you're
gonna want more of it so you might as
well get the the bigger one where are
the fucking aliens there they are
dick the birthday boy are you talking
about the percentage numbers in the game
he's saying what's with the Oh what's
with the numbers what am I missing here
they're doing there they're doing the
ishtar thing dick the birthday boy and
three two three four four two three four
dick dick dick dick we're not even
fucking around
dropping bombs on them on HR or dropping
issue we're dropping a star on aliens
people this is how is going there do
boom did the boom he's my backup
I don't know if I agree with you saying
rlm holiday special was the best thing
our alum has put out it was pretty good
yeah it was funny it was funny I enjoyed
it not just cuz I was in it and I
thought it was genuinely funny you know
hopefully they we we just keep making
them good like them I it's been a while
since I since I watched last Christmas
special with elves and Santa Claus and
Christmas vacation - I'm actually
interested in rewatching that so we'll
see oh my god did you that harvey korman
clicking his tongue for two hours
hilarious my legit jay is a madman
because he did that yeah it's it's a two
hour long video do you I mean just the
time it would take to upload that to
YouTube is phenomenal
they don't know the original plan for
how Jane was gonna cut that shall we
talk about that I mean we can we can I'd
prefer I prefer to have Jay here to talk
about that just to talk about why he
ended up not doing that
so I'll just say what I was going to be
sure we can talk about the details later
but he was originally going to cut that
like a choose-your-own-adventure like do
you want us to go on a further tangent
or do you want us to talk about the
holiday special
yes yeah and I thought like that was a
really interesting idea where we would
just keep spouting nonsense and then you
could choose whether you wanted to keep
listening to the nonsense or actually at
most going to the discussion I can only
assume just logistically it wouldn't
work timewise but J will have J talked
about why he didn't end up doing that
yeah but you know also I think that the
- I think that the - just the two
versions works as well and I love how we
just keep almost talking about the
holiday special and again we do not pre
plan this that was just something that
happened because we literally did not
want to talk about the holidays
anything else no I just it it fascinates
me how J was able to make anything
coherent out of that non-stop jibber but
hey that's great how much does my
cybernetics lab cost of power yeah all
right it's free of that
now back to 9/11 right no and it's just
like Mike started on that tangent and I
really thought that that was gonna get
caught no I didn't think so
you didn't think I did not think so oh
man oh man I don't know jack who edited
the episode 1 review Mike Mike I thought
that was a known thing that was all Mike
Mike does the plinking review
did you guys that did you guys not know
that is that a spoiler because cuz no
here's Mike
yeah we got we got someone was asking
how bad some of the jokes were we got
way worse
we were a little we were very little
question your attention about about a
lot of jokes so okay
fucking portent yeah my salts in the
hospital Oh No let's get him out no no I
can't do that
you just can't oh I sure did anyone help
if they have broken arms was healthy
nearly everyone else I don't you know
what and for those asking I don't know
if Mike was any more or less drunk than
he usually is
so did I fuck up and not build
satellites I fucked up and did not build
satellites it's okay I want to build
other things anyway oh no I did I bought
them early all right all right
did you do it yeah
now if I celled them I'd have enough to
buy all my my cybernetic stuff Oh
portent oh no I hate this mission but
money I will get money
oh hey dong Italy had a horrible crash
and is now running a fresh install of
boot dudes welcome back yeah I don't
know if we talked about that earlier but
Mike's spitting of the ice was just just
the weirdest I mean obviously we did
talk about that
oh we're rich were you around for any of
the on the street interviewing of the
United States of no no no I was in
Chicago then rich would not know they
were asking if the argumentative couple
from the United States have no were
acting or were they real I'm honey they
were all real yeah yeah I I was not
there but ya know then they seem like
real people to me yeah I would also
assume they've never seen them before
since Mike is actually God and I never
directly asked but he'd never said that
was faked so ya know I'm I am I am 99.9%
sure those were real people his
questions so absolutely absolutely also
the best solution for an ingrown toenail
is actually to let it grow out you have
to you know you have to kind of get in
there it'll be a little painful yes to
try to try to get it unstuck from the
skin which will be painful make sure you
clean it properly every single day to
make sure you don't get an infection by
do this I just said when I had one dr.
Ives kid had had two doctor cut it out
yeah and you can do that you know the
key is really to get out before it gets
to be extremely painful yes and then a
preventive measure of ingrown toenails
is just to actually grow your toenails a
little bit longer that way they don't
get embedded what that toad turns into a
magnet for other people's feet I've
never had my foot stepped on so often
you know and when I had a goddamn
ingrown toenail no everyone was stepping
on my fucking foot I believe it
there's a terrible topic of conversation
everyone for free it's that yes look
someone has the questions like yeah I'm
answering you did a fine thing there you
go go get that Obamacare nor dr. hmm
alright I am building my cybernetics lab
do it build it already why isn't it
built already ten days I could have done
it earlier but I thought anymore
powering up
you didn't feel like doing this mission
now I want to build my fucking cyborg
death machine I don't want to do portly
important tedious time-consuming mission
oh no oh I don't think he had a beer
that I think Mike at that point had a
mixed drink that's why he had ice in it
no one would put ice in a beer unless
you're drinking a steagle radler with
gin in it because then you have that
over ice and it's delicious as I've
talked about many times on the string my
love of steep hill travelers over ice
with gin
oh that's an interesting question for
the episode 7 reaction trailer with
famous internet celebrity rich Evans did
you guys order random Star Wars
merchandise or just have it lying around
that was mics there's all mics the
tonton the action figures yeah yeah no I
didn't like step on the action figures
outside of dumping them on the floor I
think there were pretty much all fine
sure
and he picked out any ones that he
thought were in good condition so I mean
you know her old beat-up action figures
in the first place though some did get
some did get destroyed okay I found a
couple of severed like heads severed I
made her head severed Luke Skywalker
head I hate this mission so much yeah
Mario my wrist Eagle rattler that's the
one Mike is a nerd rollers
I think the Droid is but it still yeah
well it early come on if you guys are
here listening to us talk about nerdy
we're all nerds and that's why that's
why I can say that I think the Droid I
think they are our 5d for is back on the
shelves I want to say yeah survived he
survived an accurate way to put it I
don't it's so funny way to put it
Jesus Christ
you know what I'm gonna say I'm gonna
say no that droid will not be in the
next our live auction
I will no probably not no I will protest
against that that's a special one bonded
with rich they're starting in
relationship
I just want cyborgs death machines yeah
I gotta go through this bullshit this
missions just a tedious pain in the ass
jack I'm I'm I'm really sorry this is
the mission you died up oh oh this is
the app let's see I have no idea does
not retreat I would not receive you'd
need to retreat no we're going fire and
I got one guy left I guess I should
retreat now I think I did I think I got
out with one guy
and that's fine Mike does happen and
it's like mike has an encyclopedic
knowledge though mike is able to someone
was saying that they love Mike's
encyclopedic knowledge of Star Trek yeah
and I just think he mike has that kind
of memory where he does he remember his
episode names he remembers what things
are called you know people associate
Mike with Star Wars but he's a Trekkie
first and foremost absolutely dong 8ly
says Jack how do you feel about adblock
well I'm a content creator who makes the
majority of his yearly revenue through
ad sales on my internet videos how do
you think I feel about adblock it's it's
one of those things where right now the
kind of the ad the way in which Internet
content providers earn their money
through ad revenue is a little weird and
ads are getting a little out of control
and we're still trying to find that
balance of how people who make content
can make money so they can keep making
content that said I don't we do make our
money off ads but if it's like a
30-second video I want to watch I'm not
gonna sit through a three-minute app
right oh right right well this is the
thing these ad makers need to be smarter
about placement services like Google
needs to be smarter about what ads they
place where and of course you know like
I'm not there's nothing I can do about
and if you use adblock that's your
choice that's your choice but it's just
to cost us money
yeah you know we there's there's other
but you know there's there's other
things that we can do obviously you know
we have your subscriptions here on
Twitch which really really greatly
appreciate but we're gonna keep running
ads because that's that's another stream
of revenue and and that's how it works
right now I don't think it's the best
system but it's the one we have make
that shot make that fucking shot make it
make it make it make it make it make it
don't break it did you make it
I made it oh good job he's gonna miss
this one come on be yak-yak-yak miss
fuck umiak fucking I would I would like
to see a world in which ads are shorter
and funnier and it's I don't know I'm
you know I'm not gonna stop you from
using adblock if you use it Don Gately
why would I call you dong Atlee well
this is the problem you get it Don
Gately it looks like a dong at Lee fuck
fuck fuck I can't get this one over here
fuck fuck everything and especially fuck
you I hate portent
yeah
mmm yeah yeah and ads are tough
sometimes yeah you're right I think ad
makers are used to TV rules and we
haven't quite grown into the Internet
agent remember how young the internet
age is okay and how young just YouTube
in general is and I think a lot of
people are learning that lesson where
we're seeing a lot of 10 and 15 second
pre-roll ads now which is great just
like make it quick make it short that's
what people want they want it you know
like I think people are okay with ads if
they were shorter maybe if they were
more entertaining I don't know oh good
night John kilo have fun at you think
whatever gun but uh Owen Owen like I
said if you use ad blocker there's
nothing I can do to stop it's it's
that's part of the system and that's
part of you as a consumer fighting back
against a system that you don't like and
us as content providers should be
listening to that and that this is
something that actually when I'm talking
with clients when I'm making like a
branded video this is something or when
I do like consulting work for an ad
agency this is something that I talk
about a lot which is like I've done
pre-roll videos before and always always
always on the top of our list is how do
we make your video 10 to 15 seconds that
is always top on our list and it freaks
ad agencies out they don't like that
because it's not something they're used
to exactly right that's exactly how they
react
okay yes fucking dead men son indicators
it's it's just it's a thing that there
are some of us who are very conscious of
this who are trying to change the system
but the bigger the system is the slower
it moves so that's that's how it works
but we do what we can and right now
there's heads back is for peers and now
he couldn't mod my but I can to dick the
birthday boy I'm here I'm Magno sorts of
stuff I'm ready to mod you've watch it
crazy
I agree I agree bill at agencies love
putting a shitload of content and as
much money as the time is necessary they
don't care like ad agencies with love of
a five-minute commercial it wouldn't
work but they would love to make it but
but yes shorter faster more entertaining
and of course it's a the the really the
real thing about advertising is if your
product is shit it doesn't matter
because no one's gonna buy it so just
know how about instead work on making a
better product do I don't um it's true
it's true it's really true but a it
doesn't matter nothing matters and no I
don't I don't like dress up for these
meetings I I don't dress that my brother
dresses up
he's the suit I get to be that creative
so I get to wear whatever I want it's
great it's great
I should mod the patrons I don't know
who the patrons are Elvis is Elvis here
Elvis talked to me about being a mod are
you here Elvis delvis I'm sorry that you
miss your home oh okay my snipers took
care of it well good you talk about your
fucking ads now all right I'm sorry I'm
sorry
talk about the game during this gaming
stream we're doing four games but it's
okay to talk about ads again now
I just want a cyborg death machine I
want to see your cyborg death machine I
I want to see it meuk I don't know if
I'm pronouncing that right but good good
job taking out that thin man yeah good
job my yak my head it's like a
bastardization of milk go do some MEAC
huh oh I like that I like that
oh is he yeah bill knows he said he
makes banner ads as part of his job
no no it's there it's it's nuts
add people and people be crazy
yeah the mods the mods do they they they
moderate for us for free and we really
appreciate John kilo and octo Jay and
Sergey P when he gets to come out we
appreciate all of their work keeping the
chat clean but I'm here I'm here
watching y'all I'm watching you I'm here
wait wait talking about monk talk about
some milk you're losing it
who's gonna lose and yeah I am losing
him they have any questions what's going
I don't know now right now they're just
structure they're saying monk I think we
need to structure I think that's our
problem monk
we don't need structure
well are you talking about we just got
so we can say whatever we want to say
all the time do whatever you want all
the time that's rule number one range
that's well do you know what it sounds
like a rule that would lead to a lot of
problems
no no cuz then rule number two is you
have to be able to deal with the
consequences of rule number one there's
no guarantee that you can you don't
always know the consequences exactly and
so then if you're not prepared to deal
with any consequence then you shouldn't
do girl number one
I I think just don't be a dick right
that's a good rule too I think did I buy
any of the Mass Effect 3 DLC well I
fucking hate the game so why would I go
and do that mm-hmm and you're not a fan
of DLC yeah fuck everything so this fuck
my life
but wait now someone is saying that rich
you showed them XCOM and they bought it
and loved it because you showed the Mex
come that makes me happy
that makes you very happy true you're
happy all the time you sing and dance
and tap but dance get them sniper get
them get them bill away with wha yeah
yeah yeah we killed them they're dead
their brains are on the wall yay also
kwazy says you guys can see
sorry no no it's okay because this is
also gonna be a joke where he's like he
says you guys need to check out shovel
night
we've played and completed shovel knight
on stream you might not have been around
for that yeah we we love shovel knight I
I was a I am Arthur L we're joke begins
and ends it's true I was a Kickstarter
backer for shovel knight and I really
enjoyed it I played it and beat it all
on stream and I really liked it
roof power are they saying you were on
the roof yeah did you win when you were
on the roof winning because I'm on the
roof I just happened to be on either oh
we oh how weird you're on the roof and
you're winning that's so weird and this
in this mission it makes a tactical
sense I'm sorry jack hmm yeah and you
win that's great that's great there's
time and a place for roof that time and
place is not all the time it's all the
time Don Gately here is something you're
asking about David Lynch films I am NOT
a fan of David Lynch films Jay is a big
fan of David Lynch films huge and I he's
alright I don't much care for his style
yeah sorry the camera yanked out of my
control their feelings
oh good reason so I don't necessarily
have a date a favorite David Lynch film
because I don't much care for his style
I I enjoy his artistic impression not
impression his artistic expression but
I'm not I like a little more structure
to my movies so that's it sorry
you're welcome living liquid I don't
know what I did but you're welcome yes
the binary Sun thank you for subscribing
thank you for the subscription we very
much appreciated yeah it is it's well
I'm trying it out it's jack has anyone
ever told you you have no edge many
people many people have said I've had to
have no edge that's okay we're gonna be
fine with that again I don't know you
not to worry about it
okay at me worried about it do you worry
about it I'll worry about me you worry
about you matter good good
as Jack ever said anything but nonsense
I think one time I said rich Evans crazy
thank you for subscribing crazy hoots
the yes I am a Cronenberg fan I I enjoy
I enjoy the weirdness of Cronenberg so
yes I like I remember that I can
remember the very first time I saw the
fly and oh man did that disturbed me in
a very real way and then I watched it
again because you know I die I like what
he do make it lunch make it lunch
I don't think oh but maybe I don't know
the bug anuses this I don't think that
was Naked Lunch that's naked let's
totally make it lunch it's it's it's
been a while what you'll have to type on
my anus that's totally make it lunch oh
maybe I you know I'm you know me I'm
really bad at remembering names and
things and people and stuff oh yeah okay
they're they're agreeing with you rich
that naked lunch was a Cronenberg know
as long as I'm right and somebody else
is wrong I guess that it's the only
thing that is important
that is what's very very important one
oh now everyone is saying that they need
to go watch Naked Lunch needs a strong
word also they're saying that you saying
that was a killer Optimus Prime
impression Optimus no you wanna hear my
Optimus Prime impression go for it
autobots roll out autobots roll out
autobots roll out roll to the rescue
Autobots it's time to fight Megatron
we're gonna fuck Megatron up what what
Optimus I don't somebody's somebody took
some old transformers cartoons like we
did the audio mm-hmm looks like I've
just fried being just you know a little
bit crude no okay good I like that you
fucked up again jazz
what oh no they're just saying lines
from Naked Lunch now the anumana whole
you get a whole thing oh okay wait now
you want Michael Caine doing an Optimus
Prime impression Oh
okay boots well I can't I can't even do
it okay what do we do when we fall what
what do we do when we transform into a
trunk oh do boots what did we do when we
roll out dough no we're getting my
cocaine in here we got to stop that is
the devil is it true yes oh well there
you go there you go what do we do when
we roll it out what I know these guys
are waiting to pop out I know it I know
it I know it in my heart
I need to get through this shit so I can
build a death cyborg rich have you
played the the Dragon Age Inquisition no
no okay I don't care - there you go
Bioware can suck it oh there go a
pathetic one there you go yeah
what she didn't miss cge 1138 it says is
a true egoraptor reached out to people
and you rejected him no no I've not
heard nothing anything from egoraptor no
no back back in the day I had heard that
he that he was a fan of red letter media
and I like his sequelitis videos quite a
bit and I sent him a YouTube message
because I had heard through the
grapevine that he wanted to get a hold
of red letter media and that was the one
that was the end of it
I so I tried but you know like that was
through YouTube so who knows if he ever
got it but I had heard that he was a fan
of red letter media oh yeah no that's
right that's right he is so I had heard
that he was a fan of red letter media
and wanted to know about getting in
contact with red letter media and so I
said oh hey I heard you wanted to get
I'm this is Jack I'm the ball guy what
what can I help you with and he was like
oh no it's cool I didn't want to I
didn't really want to talk to you guys
and was like okay cool so loves it
that's fascinating story yeah I know
that was it
subscribe to hear more exciting tales of
our encounters with internet celebrities
I know I'm I'm sorry the dogs not a more
exciting story but they asked a question
and that was it it was like it was like
oh I heard you wanted to get hold of us
no not really
okay it's just not a story well then
we're asking that's all the story I got
even it's you know yeah I think you just
didn't want to talk to me I think I
don't know so yeah so am I don't know
and that you know that you get so
celebrities how many quotation marks and
celebrities right we're internet
personalities we're nuts celebrities
yeah he just wanted to talk to rich now
is it
you know the Rising Sun no doesn't
matter I guess it doesn't does and rapid
of course an answer without context is
completely useless there you go there
you go
yeah maybe that was he was like I want
to talk to someone with hair
I don't know ed listen it was a while
ago I don't I I wish I was a better
storyteller sometimes I could make
something up if you guys like I'll make
up a story we met in an empty parking
lot I can the three bears that kind of
story
yeah no no I was gonna figure I was
gonna go for like an atmospheric like we
saw each other on the roof of a parking
structure there's a foggy morning you
know like one of those but that's all I
got no no no no you got to do it dick
neutral you got to make a dick neutral
on if it's somehow you can't just leave
us hanging like that Jack I I don't I
don't
platon ater thank you for subscribing
c-3po tatto tato Oh secret potato see
freak you for subscribing I get it right
name I get joke c-3po tato that's really
great
that's really good
Jack and the three hack frauds
absolutely this internet video is too
bland this internet video is too weird
J that's exactly a little bit yeah J was
on screen junkies J knew the guy who was
directing it right jános one of the guys
and he was in town okay I don't know the
details of the story if there is a story
bin my web show and that's what it is
he talked about it my web show what mr.
blinken what yeah everybody oh no it
sounds it sounds like you're mr.
Plunkett at like 3/4 speed that's
exactly what it sounds like we know oh
space come on what do you want to know
what's going on sorry I'm missing some
things jack you fine okay
space come on I'm going back in the chat
and I'm reading your question give me a
second here jack you find an expensive
ring while out for a walk before you can
do anything
your wife notices and thanks you for the
gift it fits her perfectly
you know you've been put on the on the
good side indefinitely do you tell her
the truth and turn the ring in or let
her keep it assuming this true my my
wife would know better immediately that
I would not do something like that
I would turn it in I would turn it in
because I'm that kind of person if I if
if there was a place to turn it in I
would turn in the ring why is rich
trying mr. blinken question mark he
can't pull it off oh my god do we need
to have this conversation no do we need
to have this conversation with people
about who the first blanket was not in
there hurts and I understand that
participant it was rich rich was the
first blanket but they're from their
very first blanket was there for yeah
that's you know what that's true
their first bucket it I mean it sounds
different oh hey you're here Elvis Elvis
delvis is here boom he subscribed
earlier no I'll be up oh maybe it was
worried about of it did he I could be
wrong but Elvis Elvis yeah whatever I'm
not important Oh God
I just want to build a cyborg death
commando you've been taken in medicine
for hours and that's all I want to see
no Elvis tell who's got a hold of me a
while ago
wanting to know about a moderator
position and and I said I talked about
it and I did and now Elvis Elvis is our
brand-new modern
I just made it so and soon enough you're
gonna get a little sword by your pizza
roll and it's gonna be great
he's gonna be cool if it ever happens I
made you a mod but it's sometimes it
takes a while for your sword to show up
rich equals Pete best mic equals Ringo
clearly clearly I am the Ringo whoa
clearly whoa wait
which is the better one what are we
talking about
who's the Ringo rich rich is the ring
Mike Mike would be Lennon Jay would be
Paul Mike would hate that Mike would
hate being called planning yeah yeah you
think we'd rather be McCartney we've had
this conversation and we both like
McCartney better and we thought it was
weird all right fine fine
Mike gets to be McCartney J can be
Lennon okay who's George George is uh
George is the you get to be George
I am Ringo sure fine
I don't know that much about the Beatles
so that's all I got I don't know who did
what Jack who's George okay great I'm
George I'm good with toys oh you know
what I'm good with George Harrison cuz
he wrote I got my mind set on you I got
mine set on you and it's gonna be time
Ringo didnít have a cutesy solo song
about snorting cocaine that did me yeah
oh well there you go oh that's cyborg
death machines Oh God
all right ten days shits gonna pop up in
ten days don't sing I'm gonna sing if I
want Barbarella sometimes a thing and
sometimes I don't
I know I'm no George dick neutral I
don't even know what George is I know he
did that song it was good I like that
song I'm close to my cyborg death
machine but another mission popped up
okay another tedious plotting mission oh
sorry
Oh easy one okay I don't know what's
what's the plan Jack I could just skip
this I have no idea what the plan is
here's here's what my real plan is I'm
gonna look in the refrigerator to see if
I can find another beer and if I do then
we should keep going and if I don't then
I'm done okay it is getting late so give
me a second here
how's everyone doing its look okay I say
TD is plotting mission because I'm too
familiar with it it's not the council
missions are not randomly generated and
for portent and this mission I know
where every goddamn spawn point is and
in order to get through it safely it's
it's a plot I can't make myself position
my men's stupidly because that that also
feels wrong so it's like portent and
this mission just feel like going
through the motions and I don't know
that we're gonna get our cyborg death
machine the night it's it's getting
pretty late I kind of want to pack up
and head home so I I think I think what
I'm going to do is we're going to save
this game and I'll probably I'll
probably take this particular save and
we'll eventually play through the whole
game on the same so there will at some
point in the future be cyborgs death
machines I think I think I'm getting
ready to call it for the night
you know maybe next next time I do a
solo I don't know maybe maybe not the
next next time but ya know I'll pick
this game up and I'll just play through
all of XCOM on this iron man save yes
this is an Ironman Ironman classic is
the the difficulty setting for this game
mm-hmm and I think we're gonna call it
Jack I know that's a great idea you know
what I'm out of beer out of beer all
right I love you all right let's call it
we're gonna call it cuz you know I also
kind of want to continue my my blood
dragon no death run at home Jack when I
when Jack got ahold of me earlier we
didn't know if he was gonna stream her I
was gonna stream and I was maybe maybe a
little under halfway through blood
dragon no no death it's a shortage game
so it's not too hard okay I want to get
through with no death and no mission
failures though I've gotten through
without dying but I fail on a fucking
hostage mission hostage got shot oh yeah
yeah
I'm so sorry well that's great
you just like it cuz it looks so pretty
though I also like eighties
science fiction action movies that's
true that's really true so ah good night
everybody
thank you so much for coming out also
yes I see make sure to check your pets
pet them extra hard pokum poke your pets
and feel for lumps it's important but
thank you all for coming out and we
thank all the new subscribers and we
thank all the old subscribers and we
thank everyone else for coming out
because we appreciate it we welcome our
new mod Elvis delvis who had the easiest
first shift ever because he just showed
up for the last five minutes of the
stream but but
all right now mommy what thing what we
want okay
you're gonna keep making noises jack I'm
not you know what I'm gonna end the
stream normally tonight it's just gonna
be I'm gonna I'm actually going to
announce it ahead of time we're going to
stop the stream right
