May 31, 2015
Axiom Verge
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/6273969
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/6274004
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxZOiwatAjc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMxGA_PNGAc
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/605119284587675650

[Part I]
it is quite possible
that we are streaming at this very very
moment I'm hoping we're gonna wait for
confirmation that we are streaming oh
wow yes and no Game of Thrones spoilers
that's not nice let people see for
themselves
it's super quiet and he's super quiet no
I'm not super quiet I'm here hello I am
streaming things are super fun happening
I'm just double checking yes I just got
the email that we are streaming so that
is terrific news hi everybody I spy time
I can only assume this game being a
Metroidvania
it's it's gonna have some spikes in it
this is to play it was gifted to me
thank you and to play tonight it is a
jack
solo stream tonight which it's been a
while it's been a while since we've had
a Jack soloist dream sorry for starting
a little bit late as most people heavy
base for such as both you in the game
are base heavy I that might just be your
settings man I don't know that might be
your settings Jack Michaels pretty
pretty quiet on Thursday but so much
more would hurt him all that I turn I
was doing some audio test earlier and
everything seemed to be fine
rich is braiding his beard hair tonight
yes that's exactly what is happening
audios not great audio is perfect bat
and super great so I started a little
bit later tonight a how you I was
shooting all day or and I had to import
footage and that just means that I start
things start later Oh dick neutral yes
dick neutral sent me this game so we're
gonna we're gonna play it and just we're
gonna see what happens
I have not touched this game normal
we'll just do normal difficulty I've not
touched touch to this game so we'll see
already I love it New Mexico 2005
now
it just hit my vehicle ass on my mic
stand that's what you heard there
everything's fine everything's fine
I know I'm watching a cutscene it's like
I feel like even though rich isn't here
he would be complaining if I skip the
cutscene but I kind of want to skip it
out I mean you know it's important it's
going on a little too long I get it
retro-futurism or whatever the table is
not a bottle opener I know I might the
way my mic stand is I need a new mic
stand
I brought my mic stand to the studio and
I'm using like this old janky mic stand
that I have and and you know what it is
nothing but a jank and I need a new one
I'm gonna go get a good a new one is
basically what's happening thoughts I'm
come fury I've only seen the first like
five minutes of kung fury and I got a
little tired of it I'm gonna watch it
I'm sure it's fun I'm sure it's a lot of
fun I have a problem I have a problem
with a lot of like green-screen heavy
stuff because I feel like it's very
two-dimensional you know because it's
easier to film on a green-screen when
something only moves to the left to the
right and that's exactly what kung fury
felt like to me was it was just very
two-dimensional and I got a little tired
but also I just had stuff to do this
weekend so I couldn't really watch it
but I I am I am going to watch Kung fury
and I'm sure I'm going to have a good
time it seems fairly ridiculous yes I
know I can do speedrun road but my name
is tres okay oh that's my character he's
kind of not your typical hero looking
guy Gunn in next room you must get it
I'm sure this is going to be a Oh bother
I never go to the Bo box that's that's
usually Jesse or Mike so I'm sure they
go a couple times a week but I'm looking
for I know I know why you're wondering
cuz I know you sent some stuff and I'm
looking forward to it
telegin wants to know if I would
recommend dslr's before filming and I
film a lot of stuff I do have a DSLR
which works great a lot of DSLRs even
lower end DSLRs may make amazing video
they have some very real drawbacks to
them as far as a from a production
standpoint
what axiom disrupter nice use X lock
position
what
I was there a lady this is what I get
for not paying attention his story I
just want to shoot things so DSLRs have
very real drawbacks one is the rolling
shutter which is the jello wobble if you
move a DSLR from the left to right or up
and down very quickly you will see a UH
I guess you will see like a jello like
movement and that is really hard to
handle there like in your editing
program you can okay just Metroid Honda
presentment read so far that's great
that's great you know why cuz there's
not a Metroid right now and that's a big
problem when you want things to look
smooth you can get rid of that in your
editing software but it's pain and you
can't get rid of all of it all the time
is the rule of thumb but they make they
make stuff look real pretty DSLRs and
they're generally cheap but a couple
another downside is batteries their
batteries do not last long and so if you
are planning on being on a long shoots
it's just you know you need extra
batteries or you need expensive adapters
and so like AC adapters for most DSLRs
are expensive and I have no idea why
they're so expensive but it's just a
thing also memory cards because they
take such amazing video and they do
DSLRs take amazing video but amazing
video comes at a cost really really high
volume for your card and so that just
means you're gonna be going through
memory cards you're gonna be going
through batteries
and sometimes that's a bigger pain then
you would imagine let's see here other
there's there's so there's all these
pluses and minuses amazing picture it
both a plus and a minus is a lot of
DSLRs have swappable lenses and the plus
to that is you can get really beautiful
lenses the downside of that is lenses
are very expensive but you know you can
get yourself a couple of really nice
lenses like a wide lens and a really
heavy depth of field lens and everything
you shoot will look just the most
amazing
CSR's oh yes and thank you Bill lack of
bill akka
brings up another really good point
which is audio do not ever record audio
directly onto your DSLR their mics are
fiat so you need a you either need like
what Villa Hakka says where he has a
battery grip extender that adds like XLR
inputs to your DSLR or you need a
secondary audio recorder like a zoom or
the like
zoom of course is great I use it all the
time
just in general having by the way having
secondary audio recorder is really nice
in general like that's not that's not
limited to DSLRs but with the DSLR you
need it because the mics on DSLRs are
shaped but that being said you know
there's pros and cons I I think they're
great because they're allowing they're
allowing everybody to make beautiful
pictures and that means that the good
ones are extra good because of the young
people view I don't really know what's
happening in a game yeah I'm just met
for writing it up maybe so you know
and your your aunt your your answer to
the answer to your question of should I
get a DSLR is maybe come on you jerk
yeah
maybe it's all baby maybe it's all big
maybe you know it's a saint like a lot
of people ask me about gopro usage too
and that's the same thing where it's
like GoPros are even worse though
they're very situational to win a GoPro
is necessary but you know they're nice
cameras and they're fun to use but it's
just so situational DSLRs are more
workhorses but it takes a lot more work
to get them I like my DSLR I have a
Panasonic gh2 which I got oh no can't go
that way which I got very affordably
because I think they're on the gh4 now
but the gh2 was hackable you can hack
these software in the gh2 to give you a
higher bitrate which means that my
videos on it look extra beautiful coming
of course at the cost of
of memory card space can I die
oh oh okay I figured out how to get life
back that's always exciting
these little ledges here you know make
me think that there are secrets
necessarily so so yeah I really like my
gh2 I don't use it that much anymore
because now I have the the af100
which and it gives me the best of both
world interchangeable lenses and the
convenience of longer battery life and
good memory storage of the Panasonic
let's see here the cause yeah well but
that's the thing like you can you can
get a decent dedicated what okay
firing once lunch is allowed to
projectile firing again
oh I get it
and I get it I think
I don't you know like I don't think it's
that simple because DSLRs are so
affordable and they can give you a good
picture it all depends on what you're
shooting if you are run and gun shooting
and if you are shooting a wide variety
of things a DSLR will not work for you
they are they are not they are not I
don't wanna put those DSLRs do not play
nice
is the real thing and so if you if you
just want to like run a gun and shoot a
whole bunch of stuff if you're shooting
long like business conferences DSLRs
will not work for you these artifacts
but uh like a dedicated video camera
will give you more options and it will
be on that it will give you a longer
battery life and longer memory cards
sergeant
this is always the question isn't what
what are you looking to make what are
you looking to do you know a lot of
people talk to me and ask me you know
about what camera is right for them it's
just like what are you what are you
looking to do you know if you're looking
to make youtube videos you don't need
anything special
which is the real thing you know people
watching youtube videos at 360p most of
the time
and I just hold it now okay I do wish
that like I could just hold it there
this is not
mafra I saw you you know what are you
gonna shoot
gotcha
that's the question you know you want to
make classy-looking youtube videos with
super shallow depth-of-field
yeah and get a DSLR it's fine they were
fine but then also get an audio recorder
because you're gonna need one and also
get battery extenders and all sorts of
all sorts of other the really swell
thing about DSLRs is their low-light
capability most dedicated video cameras
especially solid states which means like
the the lens is attached to the body of
the camera just are crap for low-light
shooting and so DSLR is because they
give you that option of swapping out
lenses
it means that
permanently increases the projectile
size for weapons nice
rates upgrade
keep what I'm waiting for like the
charge attack I'd like that I want the
charge attack you know I've said a lot
of like bands and night clubs I enjoy
shooting live music and the light there
yet
and as soon as I started using my DSLR
just everything looked a little bit
nicer because they handle low light so
much better
now
you certainly enjoyed the DSLR shoots
for free right well you know the the
first couple of the first several prereq
episodes one of the cameras was a DSLR
now I use my AF 100 and red letter media
as they have 100 so they're I use the
exact same camera those slightly
different lenses me and and Jay and Mike
my camera and Jane Mike's camera has
slightly different lenses and so if you
ever notice like either minor riches
look a little bit different that's why
that's because we have different lenses
and in the early days prereq I was using
my I was using a couple different
cameras but one of the cameras I was
using was a DSLR and usually that one
was a little bit sharper and man did you
notice I thought you know this day way I
see you up there
I have to do anything to like I feel
like my
understands that thing
I always felt like the DSLR was
look nicer
but maybe that's just me
right like a cell hunker down like this
is what we can get we can't get a new
Metroid game right now for some reason
but we can get we can get this I'm gonna
take it you look different this block
looks different like na I'm gonna take
it because if yeah this is the Metroid
game we can get right now
I'll take it this is just a Metroid game
which you know bothers me some say a
game bothers me sound button
if you need any hints let me know the
DSLR it did look quite good
which one was Metroid Fusion
yeah I think I like the fusion I can't I
can never remember the names of them
anymore to tell you the truth fusion was
the Game Boy Advance one right I get up
there I feel like I should be able to
get up there but yeah I liked
any the metroid games except for other m
which we're not gonna count as a music
change that means boss this is boss this
feels like boss
yeah GBA that was a good one yeah a
fusion was a fun one and I really liked
wish our heroes and so ugly
sorry if your demon I post say kill
I like like the the like the static
every time you hit him that's it's a fun
little that's fun but we hear you
defeating demon Athos
more like the noises and like all the
sound effects very very retro
very retro I think it just might end up
having the same problem with this that I
had with uh what is it dot 3d Dot Heroes
got 3d heroes where it's just like it's
it's just too similar you know
style everything is just so Metroid is
that a bad thing I don't - I can't there
we go I know I don't need it but just
walnut is walnut
so
no you're right I'm not your right to
views Kirk I'm not a little ball yet so
I should shut up unless this is a little
ball right here
am I gonna be able to turn into a little
ball right now laser drill use right
trigger Oh
oh that's awesome all right I'm back on
board
look at that weapon I know I can go
through these rocks I'm just seeing if I
can like get through anything else kind
of love the laser drill
we love the look of that weapon that's
awesome when can I get into the secret
areas laser drill are there secret areas
Oh
oh wait now I remember how are we gonna
this thing
now
oh no you were though okay I remember I
remember what's happening
I knew it you can get you can get
through some of these rocks now we're
talking
what distinguishes the Roxy can get
through from the Roxy can't anything
turn color when you
I want secrets there are so many secret
areas
I hope so there better be if it's a
Metroid game there better be goddamn
secret areas is that's an interesting
question it's filmmaking something I
wanted to do not necessarily I have you
know I've talked about before I like I'm
I'm more of the Entertainer I got into
this because of comedy you know I
consider myself a comedian first an
entertainer first might be more
appropriate because a lot of it isn't
necessarily comedy it's just stuff I
find funny or amusing or whatever but
that's where I got into it I filmmaking
it was just a way to tell jokes I just
want to use this laser drill for
everything keep it up all the time so
you know I enjoy filmmaking and I really
enjoy a lot of
you know but like I I like you know
writing that's that's one of my favorite
parts of it idea creation that sort of
thing that's my there's my man and I get
stuck last time over there see if
there's anything else in here too
oh no I got that thing
it's really like the stand up to is just
like I just wanted to tell jokes I just
wanted to entertain people that was all
that was all I was concerned with was
entertaining people oh oh ha ha ha
so stand-up filmmaking these were all
just an ends to a the mean of
entertaining people which is what I
really enjoyed it I mean just a ham just
am looking for some bread know what I'm
saying you know what I'm saying okay
these guys blow up
and that's okay dick neutral like some
people are performers I never wanted to
be a performer either like that's why I
stopped doing stand-up that's why I
spend most of the time I spent most of
the time behind a camera it's because
like I I didn't think I was good on
camera it took me a long time just to
feel comfortable on camera and luckily
things like best of the worst they
really helped me feel comfortable
talking to people in front of the camera
just doing it but no I never I never
envisioned myself as a performer I was
just a writer for so long but here we
are and I'd like to think that you know
doing something all right
doing something decent sometimes I do
sometimes I don't how about that
I dig the music I think the look it's
just so FA Metro ID now even though even
the look of the world is Metroid maybe
that bothers me
oh this has got to be a secret area
right there's gotta be a seeker there
you have a lovely speaking voice thank
you how real of the worst Oh God the we
love the worst oh that's so a secret
area
don't go in there though that we all
that fucking episode I was I was really
convinced that that was gonna be
another's that was gonna be another
scrapped episode it took it took so long
to edit
I can only assume at some point you get
a double jump I'll say I wait till I get
the double jump
oh I you know I've never been a big fan
of the we love the worst and they kind
of you know like I came back to it
because of when we do the SOS video it's
like oh man SOS kind of reinvigorated my
love before the for all things wheel
what are you multi disrupter
opti disrupter
that's fun
get to you know in like a double jump
and yeah see look there's like that
little like track up there - okay that's
gonna be a later powerup that's a later
powerup area and so it was so great
SOS was so great but then here we get
Geritol Follies can you imagine two
hours of a senior citizen talent show
just the worst I would I would
infinitely watch Shoji Tabuchi over and
over again rather than those Geritol
Follies you have no idea how miserable
that was and just you know again as a
performer trying to come up with jokes
trying to come up with jokes and you
know you've run out after 20 minutes
there's just only so much you can say
which of course we said and then of
course our lack of jokes and became the
joke but
you know congrats to Mike he pulled
something out of that episode I cannot
believe he pulled something out of that
episode I hope I will be completely
honest with you
congratulations to Mike for having the
fortitude ed at that episode
like something I know this was a dead
end it just feels like something should
be over here but apparently not
those sweet old ladies exactly well and
that was the real thing as as is you
know we were not meant to see Geritol
follies that was that was something sold
to grandchildren to say remember your
grandma when she's dead and she did this
Jared I'll follow things but it was just
weird just the strangest oh oh oh no I
died oh I was not paying attention to
myself do you guys actually spin the
wheel or the movies already decided no
we actually spin the wheel oh darn it
how far back do I gotta go
let's just happen
we're saved to your mind machines that's
funny
oh okay oh no I still have my multi
disrupter inlay
alright well fine then I definitely did
not save since I got the multi disrupter
so down actually I'm down then up has
anyone ever been unable to complete a
vest of the worse and walked out on
individual movies yes not on all of them
but I wanna I want to say rich has given
up on some I want to say and there was a
whole section of
Oh Robo chick there was a whole section
of Robo chick and I want to say that it
was left in the episode that everyone
just walked out of Robo check they were
all done with it and they went to do
something else I stayed I stayed for the
whole week because I'm a goddamn
professional but there was an entire
section of Robo check that that was
completely left by most but most
everyone else except for me but Robo
chick is a hard watch so there's no
blame
I gotta stop I have to stop being so
reckless I am being reckless listen okay
here's the fast man okay over here nope
reckless reckless everybody I'm being a
reckless a professional or mad masochist
right that's the question I listen when
I sign up when I sign sign up for a best
of the worst
I know what I'm getting myself into it
may not be pretty but that's what I
signed up for yeah damn it
oh oh yes it is possible that I'm the
only person on the planet earth who saw
the entirety of laboratory
oh thank you I done it I was pretty
happy with the new prereq new prereq
came out today broken age I really enjoy
did the episode I thought I thought rich
and I is kind of disagreement played
well
you know I've been getting some very
weird complaints one of them one of them
which I guess I'll address now which is
you know a lot of people are just saying
like oh he Jack hasn't played an
adventure game you know Jack started
playing adventure games in 2009 what a
what a horrible noob and it's like well
that's when I started playing them as
most of you guys know on a farm which
means that we did not have a computer
growing up and we didn't I didn't get a
computer until very late in my life or
my you know my family didn't get a
computer until very late because you
know we just didn't that we just weren't
that kind of family
you know rich and we I cut this out of
the episode for time you know rich his
father was a tech head so you know he
had a computer and that's that's what
they did they would play these adventure
games and
that's kind of what makes us different
gamers and so I but I really like that
about the episode was not everyone will
have grown up with adventure games there
are people who you know weren't born to
grow up with adventure games and so I I
was really happy that I have that
perspective that was different from rich
and that's my perspective as a gamer is
I didn't play a vinter game space
monster thing ago I was a console gamer
and you know the adventure games for
consoles
listen maniac mansion was was tough to
play that's right
thank you very end second Shh
can't go there you know
and and yeah for those like I I have
played a little bit grim fandago got a
little bored haven't picked it up after
a couple hours and you know I played a
little bit of data tentacle knob too
much I would be interested in playing
that because I know everybody considers
day at the tentacle to be the game to
play but uh
you know we'll see we'll see it's quite
possible well as I said on the episode
is like I might have just discovered
that I'm not a point-and-click adventure
player I've been really enjoying the
text adventure games that rich and I
have been playing those are fun of
course part of the reason that they are
so fun is because you know I'm playing
them with someone I think that has
something to do with it
I love the little jelly bursts
but like like I said grim fandago I
haven't really haven't really enjoyed
I'm not that kind of gamer and that's
okay it's okay for us all to be
different everyone that's why I'm oh did
I miss her room is that what's happening
oh here's the thing
nope nobody got that thing
there are sent reminder buttons home up
set reminder oh okay okay so if I see
something I have to go back to later I
set reminders so I missed a room that I
could drill through something all right
I gotta go back I'm going
I'll go back I'll get it
alright I'll get this thing that you're
talking about pbbt
blow up the things blow up the things
heigh-ho the derry-o blow up things
I'm blowing up the things
I am being reckless again but apparently
death doesn't matter something's gonna
be okay with it I say that that the
death doesn't matter because I seem to
make it to a save point without having
to save
like the music though that music school
yo you sing good Jackie this is true
remember there's a project I don't think
I've been back down here oh holy shit
hope there's not fall damage
there's nothing
yeah it is I mean it's very metroid
obviously
it's obviously quite metroid
and I you know that that's its greatest
strengths and weakness right like what
was the there was like a there was a
game that came out like years ago on
Xbox Live that was very Metroid but it
was like a modern military setting or
like a cyber military setting but just
one hundred percent Metroid style like
shadows something Shadow Complex it's
like they use the same they used like
Metroid gameplay but the kind of updated
the graphics gave it a different setting
a different world this is just so
Metroid down to the music and the and
the look to everything that's the most
distracting part axiom is literally
wearing Metroid skin exactly then that's
like
this what this was exactly what was
happening with 3d dot heroes which is
we're gonna be okay with it because
there's no other Metroid game right now
but watch this kind of go down over here
ah here we go found it okay
kind of like La Casa hunker down says he
thinks this game might be feeling kind
of void much like mighty number 9 is
filling the much missed Mega Man avoided
and yeah I'll be with you I shouldn't
have attacked those things I'll be with
you I'll be with you in that because
yeah we you know we like games like this
we want them why not make it but but why
not give it a different style you know
that's the big question is even mighty
number 9 is updating the graphics and
making it look a little bit different
even though it will play exactly the
same they're doing something to update
it
okay I gotta stop doing that
and so if if this would have given it
just a little bit of a different look I
would have been more okay with it like
you might be blow up things that's right
left button
and I'm liking it I'm not this is not a
this is not a critique a bad gameplay
it's just it's just one of those things
where companies where does omage start
and game to begin there I don't know
mostly I'm just gibbering you guys know
that
a plus de musica 100%
a plus music
keep looking for secret areas not
finding them
alright we're getting somewhere neat you
will know where it differs okay no I'm
down I'm listen I'm in it this is what
I'm playing tonight we're gonna we're
gonna play it
you're gonna keep playing it cuz why not
what else we gonna do nothing
other M did not happen you're right
sausage chasm we all just we will all
just silently agree that other end does
not exist and I think that's the that's
the correct way to go about it
something interesting is happening I
said oh oh yeah dick new tractor that
reminds me I'll take a little break now
hold on take a little break
thanks subscribers let's see here we
have the take a small break to think
subscribers while I have a moment the
Boozer Reiter telegin Lord gonzo doctor
mayonnaise a Michele 87 danger peanuts
vermin thank you for subscribing we
really appreciate it
it's true we do
I think about the information about
where to find the mayor it sounded like
you said beginning should at least give
you some sort of general outline on how
or what to do but in your bloodborne
review you praise blood-borne for not
telling you how to play against riches
processing on row right I know they you
know it's all circumstantial that's true
so in in the Indies Zelda to review we
were complaining about the mirror puzzle
and in blood-borne we were or at least I
was praising blood-borne for just not
giving us any information at all and
what's the difference between that you
know the difference is the game is the
rest of the game is how they handle
puzzles in general and so in blood-borne
the even the blood-borne doesn't tell
you anything it reveals the puzzle the
solution to the puzzles naturally
through gameplay you just have to figure
it out and they they find a way to have
you figure it out while playing the game
whereas in Zelda that was one specific
puzzle that they didn't give you any
clues to and you know you can't solve
the clue without any puzzles whereas in
blood-borne there were these subtle
things pushing you pushing you towards
the game like for example in blood-borne
you know this is something we talked
about in the video in blood-borne you
don't have to fight in any enemies and
in fact you're encouraged in some spaces
to run past enemies and very early on in
the game there's a giant an enemy
blocking what seems to be a doorway or a
passage and you fight the enemy and he's
a hard enemy and you eventually beat him
and nothing is there and so the game is
silently telling you
how to play it without giving you any
rules more of the you agree with the
puzzlement but I was thinking more of
the hidden combat system right well
that's different like that's a gameplay
versus a puzzle and so I guess that's
the difference right and the hidden
combat system wasn't necessarily
necessary because rich made it through a
large portion of the game without
figuring out the hidden combat system
which of course frustrated rich but that
that was just a perk for those who
noticed it and so you know you could do
please play Dark Souls too many people
consider it the best from sake I mean I
I I love blood-borne side I want to get
back to Dark Souls and Dark Souls 2 and
Demon Souls these are all things I want
to do just time the giant pick was great
the giant pig and blood bar was great I
I have not played blood-borne in a while
just because I've had to play other
things and I was spending time editing
the episode but I mean I really want to
get black back to blood-borne but
there's other stuff other stuff to play
always always only stuff play well bail
bail bail
always other stuff to play but she's not
complaining by any
by any complaint by any means just I was
you know I was like in considering what
to play it's a night where I'm not
necessarily all together with it because
I've been shooting all day is like oh
you know just kind of feel like Isaac
which you know we've played a lot of
Isaac and I've played a lot of Isaac I'm
pretty far and Isaac though I've
unlocked a whole bunch of stuff and I'm
working on some specific character
unlocking Emily's fucking cool who a
skeleton move like blood stuff or
skeleton I guess we should go blood
stuff that caught my eye first
so you know there is definitely some
like like what am I gonna play tonight
oh my god I could probably play
blood-borne I haven't played blood-borne
in a while that would be fun to play it
makes a nice excuse to play blood-borne
for the stream but no it would play a
lot of blood more in the stream and it's
always fun to play new games oh this is
labyrinth
so I'm glad I'm playing a new game I
think it's good I think it's good to
play new games that's important to me as
a streamer
is to make sure I play new games for you
guys so you can see a bunch of different
stuff here so you know we don't turn
into a dedicated binding rising stream
channel which we could we easily could
oh you meant Dark Souls 1 when you made
that coming yes I do plan on getting
back to dark fields one man no rich and
I don't plan on anymore co-op there we
don't plan on any Monaco co-op games
yeah we're always like we're always
looking for stuff like that to play
again it's Oh what well that's scary as
shit that's cool I'm sucking weird you
guys see that I feel like I'm getting to
what is happening with these things I
feel like I'm getting too far off the
path
oh my god
rich Oh L said L Sonova a the boys have
been hearing yes well he her you know
it's a Seema moreover like rush where we
are putting up care through her mind
machine you don't want to know what I'm
doing to make that noise power filter I
guess I can try where is it no hey wait
where are we this is definitely not good
double jump double jump I'm assuming
fires a short-range burst of electricity
no ah that's a fun one
me
oh that guy's creepy go away
oh damn them
boy they're saving me through the mind
machine
um doohickey yes much like 3d Dot Game
Heroes I do I do find this a little
derivative and the quote you know the
question is whether or not that is a
good or bad thing right
like like I mentioned so many times they
just there's no metroid' there's no new
metroid game so this is what we get and
for those of you who like that it's fine
I don't know if it's like I don't know
why it's so bothersome to me but like I
said even even if they would if they
were just to like give this a new
setting and that's what I find so
Skelton
it's so bad about it is that it's just
it's the exact same skin you know
it's the exact same skin with the exact
same gameplay 3d dot heroes - it was it
was basically the same skin with just
the 3d pixel blocks instead of 2d pixel
blocks right but you know they have I
was I was a I just backed that that
kick-started like little devil inside
which is trying to be like a Wind Waker
Zelda game but with new characters and
new objectives and has like a a monster
hunting gathering element
yeah also the electric reference seems
to work the same as my laser weapon but
maybe it fires faster you just go can I
just hold it down
then go over there head back over here
I just need to get good at the game I
need to get better this is my problem
I'm just not good
I need to get good and go up over down
gone down got to get up to get down I've
been over here though right yeah out of
here you creep them in Jesus
yeah now the music's getting weirder I
jumped out of the way this looks like
something dick dick dick
she's gonna gather down yeah yeah yeah
keep jumping keep jumping dick what are
you here something I want how do I get
you
how do I get you I want you
I want you how do I get you
do I play any games on my phone to to
pass the time at all um not really you
know any time I would do that I wouldn't
I would also have my Vita with me which
is a platform that is tying the support
for the Vita is slowly being taken away
and it's gonna pass away soon you know
for like extended trips or bathroom
times I have my Vita with me or you know
I get mostly on my phone like I watch
videos youtube catch up on Oh a pile of
corpes oh iggy pile of corpses okay and
the biggest pile of corpses right all
right this game is hooking me a little
bit but of course like I'm happy to as
you guys know I play Isaac play Titan
souls a place filling can't play games
that are also available on other systems
I mean probably most logged on my Vita
is Isaac I'm like 90% of my Isaac time
99% of my has a time has been on the
Vita oh okay the biggest pile of corpses
this is fucking creepy I'm into it by
the way this I'm into
I know I shouldn't sound so excited if
I'm the biggest pile of corpses but here
we are here we are me being excited
about the pile of corpses and the fact
that they like built a contraption just
for getting around the giant pile of
corpses kind of want to get in that pile
of corpses
ooh
well then all the sound effects - very
very powerful
music nope now we're talking
boss area this is to save ice
I don't know when fuck bot is coming
back that is up to fuck body is an
ancient being it is an ancient being
uncontrolled by the likes of us mere
mortals
well don't you know there's a good old
axiom disrupter alright alright here we
go last time what oh crap an even bigger
one
oh oh look man no harm I mean no harm
please can we just talk it out yeah okay
so my name is tres and I have no idea
how I got here but three buzz after all
sake yeah heavy your way then
okay that's know where to shoot him
that's not where this year do whoa aah
yellow okay shoot him in the yellow has
always shoot him in the yellow
just you know it's bill he's shooting
them in the yellow
yeah like this this is a little more um
a little more bullet telly than a little
more bullet heli than a Metroid game
which is always nice everyone remembers
like the Mother Brain fight of Metroid
which is very bullet-hell but this is a
little more a little more dodgy bullet
II than at your standard Metroid game I
like that
beautiful boss would also love the
design of them
and shooting in the red
I don't know if you guys can hear like
how hard I'm clacking my buttons here
nice nice
yeah very Metal Slug II very Metal Slug
yeah I like them nice elect all the red
I want that last bit of red come here
come here
thank you any where's my prize
where's my prize don't I get a prize
maybe down here
this is ps4 right this is the Steam
version I think this is yeah this is on
ps4 and it might even be on Vita as well
but but a dick neutral gifted me the
Steam version because he thought I would
enjoy it and by the way dick you were
right I do indeed
I am enjoying this this is my this is
exactly my type of game oh there it is
there's my prize
what are we get what do I get gimme
gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme
Andres dis ruptor corrupt swordy
corrupts weaker blocks and enemies use a
right button
oh that's a fun gun
it's just like a secret fine oh oh oh no
no yes it's kind of a secret finder
they have on it
can I hurt things
I know don't get out I get it I get it I
got it
yeah doesn't glitchy blocks from earlier
I'm getting it I'm feeling it lets you
all right yeah no I want to go I want to
go back
this instrument is the biggest
innovation for Metroid innovation
looks neat so far digging that digging
the luck really digging the the look of
the kind of glitchy the glitchy blocks
the purposefully glitchy blocks is the
adventure came talk over yet you know I
don't know if there was that much talk
it's you know and it just might not be
my thing I've been really enjoying the
text adventure games and so I think I'm
just with rich as I like those better
those are just my thing like this
cleaver
cleaver and now where were those glitchy
blocks gotta find those again can I just
do this two enemies I can do it open
they still hurt me okay but I cannot
okay
noob you
I'm brollies I remember all these things
are you should really start with maniac
mansion I didn't you know I don't know
about that
really there's nothing in this corpse
file nothing in the Garth file right by
the glitchy you I missed a door did I oh
yeah no I knew that sorry I just want to
now I want to I want to backtrack a
little bit see if I can open up new
areas get some new weapons I I know that
would be there was a door right by the
Colucci mushroom I want to see what else
I can get getting a little hiccup II do
sell that stuff what's down here let's
go down here please work
you should play Zork that would be fun
go back old school
ah Nick I need a long-range weapon to
deal with the my way run away run away
run away gonna die good good alright
died
I know and I agree global tornado where
it's like yeah I just adventure games
might or point-and-click adventure games
just might not be my thing you know the
reason I brought up my Canaria man and
sward and sorceries because I enjoyed
those games and Mike and Herriman was
nice I thought that was really fun and
cute it wasn't anything brain-busting
but you know I think I had a good time
playing it I wanna I think I got it for
free because I am a PS plus member but
you know so for me like it was free and
it was a fine distraction made me feel
good I I think I don't know if I've gone
on record to say I did not much enjoy
Psychonauts someone had asked me if I
played it I'd I did play it and I just
did not I just did not care for it was
not my thing
I didn't like
these guys just how you beat this yes
okay get out of here getting out of here
I can't coach those guys payment I was
gifted a copy of Witcher 3 and I am
considering claiming yes I shouldn't
take this guy kill me and go back to the
safe mind cuz I'm so boned come on just
kill me but you know I might enjoy what
you're free I don't know I don't know I
just don't know if I have time
blood-borne nearly killed me I loved it
too much and it was just it's just too
big a game do you think I would hate it
yeah it also like also I could I could
hate it and it might not be my thing
which is why I've kind of stayed away
from it cuz it doesn't necessarily look
like my thing you know we decided not to
do it for the show because we have some
big games coming up we want to get you
know we're looking at splatoon Arkham
Knight is coming out soon which we're
definitely doing because we're Batman
people but I know it's agree I do want
to try the glitch gun and everything
okay no I am yeah well I'm interested in
splatoon you know rich I made special
note of it during our during our e3
episode is like Nintendo has a new idea
what and so it's out we're thinking
about it I don't like these guys I'll
say because they kill me
gonna be cheap can beat you can try
beauty there we go
gonna be cheap
kill you kill yeah I got you
god I hate these guys okay fuck it guys
uh yeah they'll probably another a three
Episode III we got a good suggestion
last year that I wanted to implement
which was make it more best of the worst
style where rich and I watch them watch
the conference's together and get
comments that way which I thought was a
really fun idea so I definitely want to
do that now I keep three minutes it's
fun it's fun to watch the sales happen
got a respect to salesmen a good
salesman and I like watching the sales
happen so let's try it go ahead and try
sell me sound me I'm telling you
like a butterfly
my yeah you're my little butterfly I
don't know where that came from I
apologize
what is this
Journal page
great
Oh more more Journal great
just like a dielectric Jack playing
which Rose made me love them even more
and I don't understand how someone could
be against getting further insight into
characters in the world well being in
taste you know I don't know I think
they're the part of my part of my issues
with the dialogue tree is when when I
play a game I like to you know with
general escapism I put myself in the
role of the character but with the
dialogue tree I don't get to choose
exactly what I want to say I get to
choose what the developer wants me to
say and so if there is a situation in
which the character I'm playing as
decides to say something that I would
never say like a really prime example
would be in broken age in broken age
Bella this is no spoilers everyone knows
what I'm about to say because it's in
act 1 I heard these things working
come on did I go here we go
Bella is trying not to be killed by
Monica Katherine so she the monster is
attacking all the village and so she
decides to fight back against mog
chothra so later on in the game she's
trying to sneak her way into a different
maidens and ceremony to kill mog chothra
and in doing so you would think or Mia's
playing as Bella wouldn't want to tell
the other maidens that I want to kill
mog chothra but that was one of the only
few that was one of the only options was
to say I want to kill mog chothra it's
like you shouldn't say that if you want
to sneak into the mating ceremony Bella
I wouldn't want to say that but if I had
to because that's what the developer
said that takes me out of the world and
so that's one of my problems with
dialogue trees is I don't get to really
choose what I want to say and that ruins
the escapism for me
of course there are exceptions to this
there's always fun dialogue and then
like I mentioned during the well
apparently that happened
and I don't want to get that I get up
they're broken age has some really
clever dialogue and some of those
dialogue trees were just fun to go
through no matter what because because
the dialogue was so clever and fun but
in general that's just not my thing
I'm area
secret
it's a good time it's the time of the
secrets
oh yeah give me out here oh great that's
helpful so you know it's just one of
those things and you know like I yes you
guys know I take a hard line on
cutscenes and I think that games
shouldn't have them and so that's part
of the that's part of the thing is it
kind of takes me on that escapism but
it's fine it's fine if it's your thing
is your opinion and gaining on this game
so far I am invested in you like it
that's true dick neutral no so far I'm
liking it as I like these kind of games
you know I'm waiting to get into a
little more a little more meat but it's
it's good so far
like the atmosphere those uh now that
we're like those dead guys and that that
got me interested in building a
character wait hold on but but you
realize that these are characters that
are being built for you rather than you
building a character for yourself you're
playing as a character not yourself
right no no and I and I get that but and
that's the disconnect right that's the
disconnect that that ruins the the
suspension of disbelief it's it's to me
it's the same thing when I when a
character in a movie does something
completely illogical it it takes you out
of the moment it takes you out of it
takes you out of you being that
character because that's the same thing
for a movie you're supposed to be the
main character you're supposed to put
yourself in the shoes of the protagonist
and so maybe it's about the less about
the dialogue trees and more that I just
think the games that I've played have
had bad dialogue that could be a thing
too
you know I think I think our us that's
that's the difference between games and
movies is we are supposed to be these
characters they're not they're not just
characters or at least in the good ones
they're not just characters built for us
you know and in half-life we're Gordon
Freeman we make the decisions and
obviously we don't make all the
decisions it's still a programmed game
but they hide it enough to where we feel
like we're making the decisions
okay yeah there we go my first wall my
first wall I did it boom secret
what
I'm sorry what
Oh Dornoch big neutral I am enjoying
this I am enjoying this and I
what is anymore anyway
I am enjoying this and I appreciate the
gift
you know
I think it just I want more now that now
that we got two dead dudes I want to get
not every main character in a game has
to be a self-insert oh no not every game
has to be those are that's just what I
enjoy these are just the things that I
enjoy these are just opinions these are
just the things I enjoy and I'm trying
to explain why I enjoy them I had their
characters and being in the game it's
about you playing character venture
games are like that like in Larry you're
playing as Larry now yourself right but
you know I'm supposed to put myself in
Larry's shoes right it's supposed to be
me I'm supposed to feel like I'm making
the decisions so I feel clever when I
when I solve the puzzle
makes it just not my thing and it's fine
if it's your thing I'm not you know I
don't mean to belittle your opinion it's
just not my thing
what some examples of your favorite
video game characters right that's a
good that's a good question that's a
good question someone who does not much
care for story it's got a caravan for
characters over here
it's a good question I'll have to think
about that
oh yes if the bombs down get out of here
GUP dropping Guth bombs drop those bombs
on
Oh boom group bombs oh yeah I haven't
been using my glitch gun sorry
what's coochie
that's good you nothing okay
who's in taxi right
they Deponia
look at how weird these things look
I do like it I like glitching out all
the things it's funny
oh there's some over there okay what's
over there how do I get to it
secrets I just wanna make sure I didn't
miss anything over here
okay edit alright good so Jack you
believe you are
that's right character killing these
things right well let's see it's easy in
games like this to put yourself in that
in the character shoes because there's
there's no character there's no there's
no nothing I'm not really paying
attention to the story
which is something I do if you've been
paying attention to me that's what
you're supposed to feel like you're
supposed to feel like you jump in and
killing killing aliens and monsters and
shit
yeah
and that's the whole purpose of this
game is like I am jumping around and
killing monsters and it's it's even more
powerful than a movie okay here we go
here we go wait a minute wait wait a
tick oh I need a ball okay I can do this
I can set a reminder reminder one set I
need I need to so I do turn into a ball
is what we're saying
just the beginning of the difference
with a clich gun
okay
okay interesting don't mind me farting
around I really am Oh hope they don't
love me farting around because that's
what I'm doing that's how I play video
games this is why I always call myself
like a a notoriously slow gamer it's
because that's just what I do that's not
true we are not flying
sorry buddy
we like to refresh please we're still
online right
what's going on here mine doesn't say
we're offline back the screen has frozen
but you can still hear me right
yes no that's weird no my little my
little chatty box daddy's like what
makes me be able to see the chat really
easily and other stuff like admin stuff
is acting all cattywampus and it says
I'm offline right now so Kathy Wampus
thank you grabbing okay okay you can see
me great same state this is why I'm a
slow gamer because I really like I could
spend an entire game just taking this
drill to every single wall looking for
her looking for secrets
mmm-hmm I bet you're something that
looks that looks secret ish if I were to
say so myself that little ledge up there
is very suspicious don't you think like
it's suspicious
Oh fact I just can't read it after
driving it crazy it was probably nothing
tried just to like

[Part II]
oh that's fun
mm no I think we're gonna get something
over here it seems like
maybe up there maybe up there all right
sorry what's going on
caddywhompus that is something I've only
heard my boss a caddy Wampus is a real
thing something that affects millions of
America is Kenny whoa okay we need
caddywhompus ISM
oh I know what's going on here glitch
gun at first I just thought the game was
flipping out let's see that's kind of
interesting is it it plays
plays with your videogame tropes like oh
that's just a game book - no but little
do you know
it's gone out here
I was doing out here
you might have been denied I didn't
think it was had you had sushi yet I
have sushi Allah I mean Jay and I have
not been out for sushi no I did have
ramen recently
I don't understand what to do about this
this is very upsetting that I can't get
through this
well I assume I don't have that power
yet but I have the gun I got the glitch
gun got the glitch gun all right good
we'll see if there's anything
yeah
get up there - can't oh it's cuz I blew
up the thing I'm with you I'm with your
game
I see let's see what you what you're
putting down I'm picking up what you're
throwing down oh oh they're gone forever
I'll damn it
okay I get him back with the glute chin
no damn it now hopefully there's not too
important of the secret over here nice
damn it good guy
yeah a guy
and that's fine we all have to die
sometimes
yeah
a gnocchi gnocchi is fine I don't know
not great not terrible maybe now or at
the time
maybe not worth your time neo keys a lot
of hype
no no I'm saying alright it's all about
the sauce anyway power note wound our
talking more damage more damage that's
what we need it's a mud damage gun damn
it ah all right all right give me a dick
like that that's fine you'd be a dick
dick
exactly
damnit
nope that ah damn it you've got this do
i do i fo fo-fo fo-fo-focus fo-fo-focus
on me but but but fucking fucking ramen
ramen every day never god damn damn day
you are fucking in there you cunt what
fucking in there what what are you
talking about dick dick dick dick
ah yes Jack would recommend Titan souls
I enjoy Titan souls it's uh
you know I think the what I wrote about
it I recommended it for in the prereq
curator thingy and I said it lacks the
atmosphere of its colossal Big Brother
but still a fun fun time fun time fun
play so yes I recommend Titan Souls ok
did you know so you can get it cheap
even get it for under 10
oh that I had to go down here you can
get if you can get it for under ten I
think it's worth it
Titan Souls
oh oh oh he comes after you all right Oh
fine
jerk jerk jerks
that's what I was thinking wait for a
steam sale yeah wait for it wait first
team sale you get it on a steam sale I
think it's a good buy it's I've enjoyed
a lot of the boss encounters it gets a
little you know the issue I was having
was it got a little it gets a little
tedious in between boss battles just
because it's not as atmospheric as
Shadow of the Colossus but that being
said it does have a pick-up-and-play
mindset that sets it apart where you
know especially because I have it on my
Vita I'm able just to pick it up for
five minutes and try to find the next
Colossus or or Titan or I can pick it up
for five minutes and see if I can get a
quick boss battling because boss battles
can be incredibly quick and so in that
respect it's a it's a perfect handheld
game which might be its biggest asset if
you have it for a handheld points so
I've played it more on my Vita that I
have on the ps4 and I've enjoyed it I've
enjoyed that
has to be smart let's be smart
let's not have terribly good range
not being smart not being smart oh god I
needed that are you but it's this thing
under this thing sure well no I mean you
know I'm still moving still moving so
I'll take it so I'm gonna say I'm doing
well don't know if I actually am doing
well or not putting still moving forward
so why the fuck not see that's tricky
look at that
empty wall something's over here it's
just here to fuck with me I guess
they look at that you say who empty wall
okay maybe there's like some sort of
steam
suit its might be a ball thing this is a
ball thing hey you know what it's all
about thing
it's funky better that's okay oh well
that's I mean that's great if you picked
some great ones to play because of this
dream obviously you spelunky binding of
issac FTL are all our jams risk of rain
I really want to get back into risk of
rain it has been so long since I've
played it but I'd listen to the
soundtrack ever got him dick and I love
it to get back into some risk of rain
that was another thing I was thinking
about streaming tonight but just didn't
because we've streamed it before
hello
hello secrets
oh I get to go fast all the baddies
looks like a particularly glitch filled
area I wonder if I can
good
just yet just yet that's fine
I don't see what's in here all right
here we go about sort of the stars the
pit I don't never I haven't played those
so I cannot I cannot comment on either
of those terrible incorrectly
the danger with taking away cutscenes is
that developers will often just make you
listen to the cutscene while having
controlled the character which is more
frustrating you know you know okay
let's keep movin keep movin what is your
opinion of cave story I liked I came
story was it was fine it's a simple
little Metroid type game I I was very
confused with cave story because I had
heard just so many amazing things about
it and in my head it was just the
standard lights Metroid game but then I
found out later that it like you know I
played it on Steam and it was apparently
around a long time before that and it
was one of the first bigger indie titles
you know you find that out would you say
oh okay well that's that's a big deal
I know your game now I know your game
now a little bit I know a little bit of
your gaming you monster
oh no red goop but I like the cave sir
I'm okay with caving story I had fun
with it enjoyed
I enjoyed some aspects of it
I know that
now Ron Gilbert cave is the cave not
cave story
cave story is the metro is the Indian
Metroid game Cave Story Plus you can get
out now it's it's decent if you can get
a pretty surprising that go for it
dick sorry sorry I'm just get they're
getting there I'm getting there I'm
getting there
so given that what is your friends over
my opinion I want this I'm liking it
I've told me I'd like to dig so tell
what
these guys
I do I just it feels like it never stops
and I kind of you know like part of me
really digs that part me just wants to
complete a level an area part of you
okay that's fine me too i I kind of like
I'm kind of digging it I do I do wish
like I was able to like clear an area
that is something that is usually
important to me like you're just
understanding what the area is and I
don't think I have any good
comprehension of what like fuck you ah
nope run right all right we run away we
don't want to deal with those guys yet
we are not ready for those guys yet
what's over here it's gonna be more dead
guys or a safe spot yes dude dude
mm-hmm that's right actor J kitten if
you're gone for sushi tomorrow you
should do all your exercises today
Carbone lowered
I need to go for sushi again soon
yeah like getting it up there why can't
I get a bit area oh that's the Jingle
Jam that's one of them jingle jangle
you a lot of people you a lot of people
you been a while since I've gotten to
power up
look like a secret area what do you into
agreed I'm listening to Super Metroid
soundtrack now it does put you anything
I'm just finding more and more areas I
haven't found like a enemy or what what
what is happening what is it happening
what the motherfuck
like I haven't found
goddamn honky come here
Hongki ask some random that was
different doing about that all right
so now now it's almost comical I have
not found like a an upgrade or new area
or I mean I've only found new areas and
there's just going to be
how do I like how do i anything by the
way anything not about anything
oh I want that upgrade oh we gotta get
that upgrade I don't like anything
I'm ready
I might be just buying this soundtrack
if it's available
diggin everything the soundtrack has to
offer
mm-hmm these legs are bad guys though
they can go ahead and go fuck themselves
what is your opinion on the borderland
series I'm okay with the borderlands
series I suppose I've only played
borderlands 1 and it was a lot of fun at
first and then I felt like weapon
management overpowered gameplay you know
where you were no longer paying any
attention to the weapons just kind of
the numbers you're playing map and that
took precedent over the fun gameplay but
I did like it over overall I liked it is
the real truth but it just got a little
too tedious for me a little brandy
little
little little grindy but overall i am i
enjoyed the farofa
late any gun lightning gun I don't want
on
burn the bridge jet you're on yes or
whatever
my boyfriend overheard and said
Borderlands 2 it's dead oh okay I would
believe it
I would I would believe it and you know
you know definitely what definitely
wouldn't hesitate at playing another
boring game but just happened
there's another ball thing so we're
gonna put out a marker marker to two
great ball things go here once I get
that ball power up we are going places
people
maybe dizzy the ball thing
yeah
die die before I get anywhere it's the
last time I the Safeway I have not
oh here's the thing Oh I'll follow up
our up sweet jeebus
whoa okay that's a net so that's the
double jump is just a higher jump alters
local physics too
okay
I now have the big jump I am ready for
what I did not know
now dead dead everything's dead you know
I don't yeah game grep but I don't think
you've roll into a ball they said but
there is a there's a you know maybe
there's like a crawl or something do you
remember where that high jump was that
you could make it before yeah there was
a couple there was a couple of places
that I couldn't jump to before because
but I just have to go back I guess I can
go back over there there was an area I
think there's a door I couldn't get to
because it was too high that's the thing
I wanna kind of want to start going back
to places oh I just want to go backwards
but you know
nothing about nothing I know is I got a
jump I got a jump dog
I think that's that's the game is just
you know oh you get a new powerup and I
have to go back to all the old levels
where you couldn't get through that's
Metroid 101 it's like the core of
Metroid yeah here was born boy all right
boom
can't go back without the grapple all
right well and I won't I guess
um you know what I just made this to
comment I kind of also think this game
is kind of ugly
whether that be good or bad you know I
think this game is kind of ugly and
that's okay
yeah
yeah
how do I do that
why are you showing me this game yeah
yeah it kind of is okay like it's fine
that's the style NES games were ugly oh
whoa that's just a thing that's just a
thing you have to accept
these games were kind of ugly that's
okay
drop down in these things time you kind
of go up I do that
No
I've never played any of the toe jam in
her oh no secrets I've never played toe
jam arrow is my is my official opinion
I'm still jamming our cigarettes I got
the secrets
I've heard people make suggestion that
rich and I play till game enough
I don't know if that's a joking
suggestion in that but it's a good game
a plate
did you ever see the 50 minute video
where Edmund McMillen and Tommy troll a
Hollywood scam artist claiming he wants
to make a super meatboy oh no that
sounds amazing I really want to see that
that sounds great thing broken way more
of you talking about the arts and the
making of the behind-the-scenes
documentary yeah you know and we did um
obviously obviously things need to be
cut out of an episode I was a backer and
something I made clear but cut out for
time reasons and relevancy reasons is
the making of documentary that I got to
watch because I was a Kickstarter backer
was worth the entire backing
the the documentary is so great the to
the player to documentary about the
making of broken age is better than the
game in fine rich hadn't seen it so
there wasn't a lot of back and forth
which is why I cut it but it's so great
and I heard they're they're releasing
the episodes on YouTube so everyone can
watch it if you can watch it it's just
it's just great watching creative people
be creative I think so if you get the
chance watch
watch the player two productions
documentary about the making of broken
age and you all have a good time a good
time will be had and the art sells is
super fantastic you know I know we just
kind of touched on it but it truly the
art is great the art the story the
characters the broken age are just
fantastic and you know if that's what
you're looking for good for you then you
got it then get it then it's then it's a
game for you witches will end and by the
way that's why I and I hope this came
across in the Edit that's why I was
struggling so much with my
recommendation because I really did dig
the story and you guys know me I'm not a
devilled that dl double back I'm not a
I'm not a story guy and I'd really dug
this story so take that for what you
will but there I think there was a lot
of a lot of things to like about broken
age and just to me the gameplay wasn't
one of them which is sad because of
course it's a game
there
you seem like a secret area
maybe you should have left it in or
maybe you could do a side episode just
on the topic oh they are all they are
all currently on YouTube go watch them
go watch the player to production
documentary of the making of bro page it
is an absolutely wonderful series highly
recommend highly recommend
well we thought we focused on the good
characters because there were so many
good characters and like before you know
for people who know Tim Schafer it's not
a surprise to them but imagine someone
who has never played a Tim Schafer game
or who has never played a
point-and-click adventure game how would
they feel about that kind of like me I
was shocked I was overjoyed by it by the
characters and I wanted to share that
good night Lloyd thanks for coming out
thanks for coming out so that's why I
left all that in and you know that was
that was the positive part of the game
that's what made the game almost fun for
me oh here we go boss boss time oh okay
okay all right here we go all right boss
time oh crap
little dogs eyebrow is nothing holy crap
ow ow ow ow ow
Oh
okay okay this might be the first boss I
died on
just hide and come back down and just
hide
okay beside mammal its weight this is a
cool looking enemy look at this guy look
at him
shit I'm digging I'm digging this guy
look at him yeah
oh I want those red things I totally
can't get those red things
can your ratings
oh wait I have different
I have different guns I'm onto your game
this is the first boss that has actually
made me use a different gun I did wrong
what did you think of the performance is
knowing that they're from people like
Elijah Wood well that was the thing you
know and I did want to make a special
note of that because you know I'd like I
thought Jack Black was great
I thought Elijah Wood was great Wil
Wheaton was fine his character got
really annoying really fast as he was a
1 jock character and he was with us for
a while and I thought like a lot of
these side characters voice acting was
really spectacular specifically for
anyone who's played the game the mom who
sews the cloud shoes really great really
great work but Bella and I hope people
understood like could hear it in that
little segment that I play it where it's
just like I really really disliked her
boys I can choose so flat and and you're
with her for half the game and she has
some really great story bit but man I
did
not much care for poor boys acting yes
dick neutral this boss is amazing I'm
not bigoted like this boss looks amazing
I'm not picking this fight so far just
because so far I'm standing yeah I'm not
really doing much but yes the boss looks
amazing I guess I can I'm hoping I'm
hoping that there's more to this boss
fight than just what I'm doing right now
apparently I've been doing it wrong for
a little bit so that's my fault
don't forget these things yeah
have to hit that
Oh down here okay Oh dead
alright dead dead and it that's tough
like I it's tough to convey someone was
saying like the great writing that we
kept referring to it it's tough to
convey the writing in the episode
because it's it's an overall thing you
know like the the writing was was just
the way characters spoke the funny
things they said I tried to keep in some
of the funny things like there's a
there's a segment in which you have to
get a tree to barf and it was fun and
clever and all the characters said fun
things and all the characters were
unique and I think that's great it's
hard to show that you know in a video
when you're trying not to make a video
eight hours long
just because there's so much to the game
you know like you can't you just can't
show all the things you want to show so
so it is but it is clever and I hope you
take our word for that it's it's clever
and it's fun and the dialogue is great
the dialogue made the lack of gameplay
bearable which is a horrible thing to
say
I admit but you know in my head it's
accurate that's an accurate thing to say
yeah this boss is pretty shit well you
know I I just need to figure out what's
up with the bottom things get it now
this boss looks great this bosses looks
the best and so far the fight has been
I'm also kind I'm playing this kind of
safe
we're gonna go a little fast at this
time
I think I see what I'm supposed to do I
think I see like the glitchy the glitchy
blocks that I'm supposed to hate with my
butch gun
I'm not hidden
so
a big vodka person and not a big vodka
person that's what I think of brandy
chose vodka I don't know much about fuck
yeah
there's a good game somebody's trying to
get certain things but you know what
dick you settle down I'm enjoying the
game and I thank you for gifting it to
me and it gives us a new stream which is
always appreciated everyone who likes it
when I play new games why can't I hit
this thing now
this is boss battles and you're getting
a little tedious but fine I've done
worse there we go
fucking finally
oh no maybe for this one I need to use
the
there we go
probably an easier way to do this
it seems to work out this seems to work
I'm gonna get this original soundtrack
I feel a little cheap for doing this
I'll be honest with you I don't think
this is the way I'm supposed to be doing
this but I'm not dying so I was I was
also reading the chat like I'm reading
the chat while I'm fighting this boss
which tells you how I feel about it
oh I'm sure I'm sure there are speedruns
of this game where people can beat it
and significantly faster
who area
all those cannon kind it looks like a
penis now
- you doubt
oh my do I keep I keep like falling for
summer ho hey oh god damn it oh I really
disliked the music in broken age I
thought it was really boring that was
another thing I cut out for time I
thought the music was really really
boring in broken age and and generic and
for a game with such wonderful writing
and such wonderful art to really enjoyed
the art but the music was rather bland
hold on I'm pausing for a second we need
another beer you know all right
sorry we needed we need to know that
another another beer we needed another
beer this boss is beer worthy tonight I
am drinking left hand Brewing Company's
400-pound monkey English style pale a
IPA English style IPA and I'm rather
enjoying it and and I need to get good
this is the thing so what I was reading
right before I left is these secondary
characters were played by well-known
prolific voice actors is which why I
probably thought they were so good and I
agree I I can't say that enough I can't
say it enough that a lot of the voice
acting was top-notch the only issue of
course was bubble breaker the only issue
is that Vela wasn't you know like I
didn't I did not like her voice acting
and she is who you are with for the
majority of the time
I'm gonna get a little you're gonna get
a little more a little more aggressive
this time
going after
we take out these things I don't even
know what these things do about we take
them out so we can get to the big gun
this is not the way to do it
this is not the way to do it failing to
do that can't be good
I found it out I found out this is the
area this is the area where well that
was something was that someone in the
background there when you going to get a
beer no that was just me do you think
the voices were blowing the budget to
pieces and running a bunch of scams no
no I don't think so I think they I think
Tim Schafer had worked with Jack Black
before and having voices in your game
helped sell your game with the voice
acting be bad on its own or did other
voice actors make her seem worse maybe
that's it I think what I what I think it
was is I don't want to blame her
I want to blame poor direction I think
whoever was directing her didn't didn't
get the right take and I think that the
other thing is her voice mixed with the
art style like she and and that's why I
specifically chose that scene to show
during the prereq words like you know
she's talking about her family and
whatnot her face never changes uncanny
valley stuff right I don't think it was
a scam I just think he's a bad game i
but but like rich said I also think that
it was the game they intended to make
we're gonna get rid of these guys first
and then kind of tactic
and I think they did it I think they
made the game they intended to make
have a group
I'm not supposed to be doing this it's
quite possible I don't know
oh okay now we have different problems
now we have different problems
well they don't seem to be able to hit
me
my Diegan sports character the puns of
humorous right you know I thought that I
did think that was one of my Russian
kicker video I agreed I agree I liked
the fun so probably not I don't know we
tried to like my brother talked me into
making another one with golfing and it
just did not turn out as well I didn't
like it and yeah might just be a one
might just be a one-trick pony it's a
good video though I like the Russian
kicker with you
that was a fun one to make the restroom
kicker with you
and it kills the thing and then we kill
the thing we're gonna do this I'm gonna
beat this guy
I'm just hoping that happens relatively
soon
a better position to be at for this
particular
let's try that I'll try a new position
nope nope nope nope dad yeah that's
right yeah that's Tim's Tim riches
riches done riches summary of broken age
is exactly correct it was a Tim Schafer
game and nothing more nothing less
it's all we can always talk about how
awesome mad Max's Mad Max is awesome
Mad Max is awesome everyone should enjoy
it I was talking with someone the other
day who just do didn't like Mad Max and
we had to stop talking very shortly
after that because they were complaining
this person I was talking to we're
complaining about how unrealistic it was
right that's what they were really
complaining about
and I need to say you just don't get it
that's
it's fine if you don't get it
it's fine if you don't understand what
Mad Max is gone too far so make it a bad
movie you don't
my goop okay good
okay
I got it once I got the magistrate's
this time
get up here shoot these things the first
we get rid of the pink bomb at number
one
med strats
no no it's it's people don't understand
people don't understand that movies are
supposed to be fun so this person I was
talking to is complaining that Mad Max
wasn't realistic enough it's like that's
not how it would happen if people were
surviving in the desert without gas they
wouldn't be wasting resources like that
now it's just like wheat it's it's a Mad
Max movie there's a guy who's if there's
a guy who plays the guitar a who that's
also a flamethrower it's you've got to
settle down man people don't get that's
fine that's just something you have to
accept is that people aren't going to
get
there we are yeah
getting somewhere with this stuff
the magistrate's
so
that helps okay I'm getting it
this gets me to the perfect placement I
conducted yeah okay
that's right
I have stress
I already
getting it sorry I went why i went
silent they got real it got really real
I got almost all his weapons down now so
I got silent for a little bit Mad Max is
great I think it's great oh Jesus
great we did it
oh so many strats get out of the goop so
many bleeding strats wait
I don't get my prize oh I don't get my
prize I want that prize what's the
better watch Mad Max or daredevil I will
tell you when I rewatched Mad Max which
I'm going to do that max just came to a
theater that is slightly closer to me
that serves beer so I will be rewatching
that Max I tell you
whoa oh this is the power filter that
Ellis Nova was talking about I still do
some time tour pollutant will clean it
but I will be okay
are you well enough to tell me what's
going on here mm exponent for long story
I'm listening
two sides of the universe this grave
breach in check with that many years
passed my hand came through
Athy toasts
both eat off this pattern mind
the rest of world stream Kemet my sister
how feel yeah hi Indian bridge only you
know others can stop the penis
bored
okay great love these big pump things
those are cool okay here we go here we
go gotta go oh well thanks for coming
back grim world glad we could get you to
revisit some old games okay here we go
moving again
Oh my prize it's my prize so what prize
do I get what's happen all while
pressing to tell oh it's a no lab coat
like from the laser lab the the inner
layer is different looks biomechanoid
like my gun how the hell did it get here
oh alright so Jack wasn't paying
attention to how you teleport Jack
wasn't paying attention to how you
teleport the controls for the teleporter
kind of shitty
I had to chance for legal reasons quick
DoubleTap I'm double tapping
oh you have to double tap and hold it
okay so that's my problem is I wasn't
whole I thought it was I was expecting
an instantaneous thing but you double
tap and then hold it the second time and
then all right all right I'm with you I
can be with you on that kind of it keeps
the glitchy aspect all right you must
get good to teleport that you will you
know that's not happening all right here
we go
health No
there's a new purchase I guess oh yes
yes it does the coop hurts please note
the goop hurts so that health note again
okay
I don't have the ball thing yet so I
can't go back now let's see what happens
to be this way we go this way there's a
lot I'd say there's a lot of things over
here that I couldn't get through
that's a jump thing
oh now you can kind of like you can kind
of make it through this but it that's
neat
that's neat alright okay so still can't
go that way
yep
the red goop only left or right
okay what's over get stuff get stuff
over here all right
hey where's my steam box prereq episode
oh shit work out where we're going
well we're trying to work on it we're
seeing if it's in the budget we're
seeing if it's in the budget we will
will no matter one you know we we're
gonna get we're gonna get we're gonna
dual-boot riches computer or a different
computer with the B steam OS and just do
big picture mode and mean obviously like
that'll be a big part of the
conversation that should be a big part
of the conversation it's just big
picture mode
and steam controller will be getting
steam controlers if cures
but I don't know like steam box that's a
hole that's a rare coin one at the
investment so
you get out of here jerk
but yeah I mean there's some talk
there's some talk steamos is there maybe
a big deal
these team controller looks fascinating
everybody breeze on that at least I do
but I don't controller guy rich doesn't
care because he has his mouse and
keyboard and he's a cranky old man he
doesn't care about anything
old man Evans don't care about you and
your
san andreas does look like vapid shit do
you see how well it's doing at the box
office isn't that upsetting
Oh red coupe give me that you made that
give me that red goo now people like
vapid shit is the moral of the story
gotcha
what
okay what's gonna sorry good movies find
their audience
and I feel you can I not go here yet
probably not probably not is this video
gaming this is this is slight video
gaming this is video gaming I'm running
uh drinking some running my ability to
talk is diminished greatly
it's fine
gotcha and and I'm getting into the d800
yeah come and get me yeah no way so I'm
I'm slowly running out of things to I
got you that's how we get it slowly not
talking because I'm drinking more and
getting into the game a little bit more
health No combined five to permanently
increase your health what that I don't
know what that was
those screaming guys are very creepy
okay here we go
I'll forego everything is everything is
happening everything is wonderful
okay where we going now we're going what
are we doing what's the game plan here
guys this one no matter not that way go
back down dude go back to we keep moving
forward this is the question apparently
I need a grappling hook so let's go down
and it looks like there's some stuff
down any general downward direction
yeah what's over here
nope okay I was about here oh can I get
in here now no good doesn't matter does
not mess yours
none of this met yours any good night
future future J thanks for coming out
oh oh news thing we really appreciate it
another one of these hello miss are you
awake
dangerous I mean I figured you were sort
of networked sukham super computers or
something God
you know one of the things about the
metroid game just like it felt like you
were a little more in control of your
actions I'm gonna kiss this lady you
know you were the bounty hunter looking
for stuff
you were searching for answers other
people weren't telling you what to do
be a zonkey
I am tired yes Kellyanne I am tired I've
been drinking I hope things don't get
too weird but they might there's just
they're just there's just no guarantee
there's no guarantee on weirdness he
does have a lab coat this is how we're
rolling tonight lab coat
let's go this way
check over here for secrets deadly
secrets turned for people is not Hong Ki
but cracka
no I like her Hong Ki I think Hong he's
funnier oh he has a nice ring to it
aren't we only called cracka - because
of like cracker like whip cracker and I
think that is
you know it's not so much racist it's
like yep you're the guy in the other guy
that was in charge so I think honky is a
little more demeaning so they're looking
if you're looking to be demeaning he'd
call someone a hockey
that's how you do it of course where we
will all we will always talk about video
game cutscenes Mad Max maybe not but we
I think we'll always talk about video
game cutscenes at least I hope you will
because it's something I care about
it was I over here already I was over
here already - that's a ball place
savegame okay
whoa whoa them bitches have lasers
everybody will watch your ass hold on to
your butts that's a quote from Star Wars
Episode one fan
can't do that yet okay I remember this
neva I'm remembering this we did a lot
of this already I think I think whoa
whoa
lasers put up about that but the bad
about that lasers
I gotcha bitches be lasering oh here we
go
nice did it did it got it did it got it
power node now now we're talking
what's over here
bitches be laser in because they laser
in everybody out of here and I get it I
get it
what it's happening
hmm okay this is an area we must go back
to help her what you say whatever they
think of their thing
yeah if you're into the if you're in the
Metroid this is axiom verge 100% Metroid
which is good thing if you like my trade
if you don't like my trade
probably not your bag bag
take it do you
we add that the data that yeah or that
now your pixels
dig dig dig dig dig dig detective
protecting tick-tick-tick yeah I'm to
the point now I'm just saying
that's it I remember I remember the
thing I remember what thing does what
stuff and things oh oh this looks like
it almost an outside e area this looks
like outsider art
there's a spaceship out here so help me
laughs look at that guy look at that
little dickhead
get out of you dick dick dick dick dick
hey oh oh I don't need that anymore cuz
I can wall I'm with it I am both hip and
with-it
I'm on the trolley I'm down with the
sickness I'm all these things can i
glitch into the glitch no this is the
important question yeah this is
something you have to ask yourself this
is something everyone asks themselves
can you glitch into the glitch these are
the important questions
can you glitch into the ledge can you
turn into the spend
oh I was all gosh darn it I was already
here not paying attention
it seems like it should do something
right now and it looks like yes
were you drunk when you take the title
um slightly I started drinking a little
earlier than usual today
I was working today we had a few lunch
beers then we got back to some work then
I had a few after work beers and then we
started streaming this is just how it
happened today
not saying that was the correct course
of action but that's how it happened you
know there's nothing we can do about it
now do you dig
okay yeah dig yeah
I see Chennai Sutra but I continue
not a good idea
do you love it
ding-ding hey give me a good
give me your red goop yeah good thanks
good damn good thanks dick
it was over here this seems to be lots
of shit over
dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig dig
dig dig dig and this isn't outside man
this is just
nothing
whoa I accidentally jumped that I was
reading the chat when I jumped over that
Boulder
where'd that Boulder come from did you
see that Boulder oh no I missed that
first Boulder 100% by accident I was
watching the chat battle learn me I
guess
yeah
we have to here's another area that's
going into new areas just you know a
safe point I think that gives me full
help that's what I'm opening on a scale
of one to drunk how drunk are you
I mean I'm not I'm not
I mean I'm drunk I'm not terrible
I couldn't drive I shouldn't drive
right I'm saying dick a lot picnic be
just does that's what I'm saying
well because dick dick neutral is the
one who gifted me this game and is very
concerned on whether or not I like the
game so I guess what you could say is
I've got dick on the mind
dig dig dig dig also it's a fun name to
say dick dick dick dick dick
you can't come up here
yep
nice
for some reason tapping there's an
effective way of oh I can't get in there
tick tick tick tick what if would they
would have dick am I supposed to dick
her alright think I need to start
backtracking but how are you enjoying so
far right I mean obviously I'm still
playing in some enjoying it now I'm
hitting a point of stop don't touch
leave the area tell an adult I I'm
hitting a point of exhaustion where it
might be healthy for me to find a safe
point up and leave because I just it's
hard for me to have a concept of what
exactly is happening right now but fine
over there
well this is I'm not talking anymore
you've got your help up now figured out
don't you worry don't you worry I'm
gonna I'm gonna find I'm sure I just
have to start going to new areas yes
you're absolutely right your town is
next I am reaching the point where I am
a stranger danger to myself this is true
that's okay you know we've all evolved
into this point I want to thank
that makes it easier for me being at
this point if I think that we've all
been to this point
my rows below this this good Bellavia
looks like I went there before but I
stopped after one
don't forget you'd have a spread yeah I
do have a spread shot whoa a really
lightning worked best on those things
lightnings pretty good I'm confused as
to what oh I need the ball
well whoa laser it's another ball one
no this is glitch can't game it in
circles how do we get out of here
gotta turn into the spin
here we go
prolly dying falling dying gonna die
what's over again where we're leaving
nope gonna day going to die but how fast
power my fast we haven't have been yet
this man let's go this way okay what
Steam account is best to gifts games -
that's the pre-record comic just because
rich and I both have access to that
which is
pree previously recorded da r LM at
gmail health previously recorded that
Harlem at gmail and soon like we have a
prereq at red letter media but someone
like hasn't given me access to it yet
so soon we'll be using a more official
email but that's the one we have for now
if you want to steam gift us games
gifted to us they're that way both rich
and I have access to them at all times
much like this this is a game that was
gifted to our oh god fucking fuck shit
to a prereq account and that means that
what go down let's try it down that's
that's what you say
like what third date maybe and let's try
down let's say hey baby must think I'm
ready let's try down I'm down for down
you don't I'm saying I'm down for Dingle
I'm dangle I'm dangling for Dingle this
is the part this is the part where you
have to stop listening to the things I'm
saying because I'm just making noises
I'm just making noises with my mouth and
stuff yeah yeah I know we got to stop
bingo
let's try down right
okay here's some new areas
this is fun now we're getting someplace
new all right
I get bang bingo
you're confused about what you think
causes mutation and Maxell the bio flux
accelerator causes mutation at max
Health syringe lying in the middle of
the room that's just a bit ominous hot
blood machines like in your mind and
they can find powerful modifications
please take them
right
whoa oh look at that look at that I get
little scorpion arms want the leezak
what
ah where'd you come from
where are you coming from yeah here yeah
very Bioshock very Bioshock that's fine
whoa nope wait go back
yeah
get out of here
all right keep on keepin on so that was
that area obviously another thing up
oh I thought I'm sorry I thought he
would did guests I can't get up there
hey what the Polizzi fly what the Lizzie
McGuire is going on here where am I oh I
get it
looks like there's an area up there I
have to go to alright here we go here we
go here we go
use this safe thing get me more health
thing or losing it
I'm just I'm feeling very tired
feeling very tired that's okay
we check
I don't know I don't know if I have it
in me
I have the Bingle's girls there dangling
but never mentioned
birthday guys
freaky
they say that
I don't know what that is right
you just want me to whisper to you now
because I'm so asthma
I think it works well I've been here
before as shit son of a bitch
yes he is squeaking I we I did we I what
time is it it's a little after midnight
okay
we're gonna call this then it's gotten a
little late so I will I will look up
what asthma is sorry about the whisper
fit it's just what I felt needed to
happen we're gonna call we're gonna call
this a night so thank you everyone for
coming out thank you to all
oh wait we probably have some new
subscribers to think oh god I also have
a little bit of gamer but I've been
sitting for way too long yeah I will I
will say before I shut them let's see
here who's subscribed urban for us oh
the dude 1944 the real Quaid doohickey
to Ed Witten corydon Miller and Grimm
word thank you for subscribing
we very much appreciate it and we really
do - all of you new subscribers - all of
you old subscribers and so everyone else
who just came out to watch some axiom
verge it's a very fun game if you enjoy
Metroid I'm gonna save before that I'm
that's what here's what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna get back to a save station and
then I'm gonna cut off the stream and I
may or my god how did that happen it's
been a poem lane I move my mind I move
my microphone a little bit oh hey look
I'm an estate agent
and that great that was right there you
guys don't you guys under to worry about
other
