Dec 31, 2016
Runbow, Stardew Valley, Undertale, Shantae
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/115485050
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/115489658
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqd7AHGDvKI
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0gjowaJBkmQ

[Part I]
one sec after I said I'm gonna hit start
is that okay so you said okay one sec
are we live
yeah we're live I'm glad you got to save
your what animal crossing game it's New
Years I got my special party hat going I
got my little virtual champagne and my
little virgin just animal crossing
character and what does New Year's have
to do with with with Animal Crossing
Animal Crossing celebrates pretty much
all the holidays no sniffing dad so
we're looking for a game to play and
you're looking at this a rumble looks
good okay down low Trumbo and then you
like hand me the controlling what the
heck Mike laughs that'd be something you
would like no no they made me feel bad
he's like you don't know me do you like
I don't love it more so what you know
all right so I don't even know which
button to push here let's go with get
ready to run let's see what that does
run Bo press enter there is no enter say
V on the keyboards a keyboard and just
just try hitting the button on them I
did none of them wait hit the green one
it's usually the green one there you go
I don't know these things
okay I'm
can be read Hugh Shantae read Val lilac
Shantae I'm gonna be red Hugh it looks
like the Iron Giant sorry
alright difficulty oh no we don't want
we don't want we want easy Brown's 100
music what's not so random I don't know
whatever just there's a lot of just so
just see you figure where they are and
palette
oh that's trying to attractive yes it's
fine
alright run 1 2 5 casual canyons oh
that's a surface
is there nobody to to race against it's
just so there's no like single-player
element to this now when that goes
Orange can I fall through that oh yeah
okay
what the hell is going on darned if I
know all right so I Happy Happy New Year
there's some confusion earlier between
being Karen over whether or not I said I
was streaming tonight I couldn't
remember I thought I said Sunday Karen
thought I said New Year's Eve so I you
know I hear tonight if I could I'll
probably gotta do I just can't do it
fast enough I'll probably stream
tomorrow too I think you could take your
sweet-ass time because you're not
actually racing it I figure there would
be AI opponents and doesn't look like
there are fuck I can't believe you
though this is up my alley this is kind
of neat the way it changes colors and
stuff and then changes colors what did I
ever think that was neat because it
changes colors joy didn't Karen all that
the time element Karen you know I'm
teasing it you know I'm you know I'm
teasing no I'm hurt and I am I need to
be made whole
oh damn I'll try it it looks like it got
old five minutes ago because I suck at
this kind of thing I predict we're not
gonna be playing this of the whole night
oh yeah
oh damn then one was enough of it I mean
I get this supposed to be multiplayer a
race thing but you you one turn one you
know when I was in high school I played
soccer and then one summer I decided
like the park district had track and
field and I thought well that might be
fun you know and help me keep in shape
and stuff and I was like we'd go to
these little events and I'd be the only
one from my age group competing at them
but I'd like get like little ribbons and
stuff but it was like I was you know
racing myself which was all well and
good I mean it was motivation to get
exercise and la-dee-da but it was kind
of hysterical when I got first place out
of one most first place oh yeah I'm last
here give a shot oh you're already dying
I knew you wanna yeah I'm gonna come and
I'm gonna stream I'm gonna play games I
knew you wouldn't last more than five
minutes we can I suggested map eel and
play Animal Crossing I could show
everybody my village but you don't have
a thingy to set up yeah to export the
checks got the magic DS I don't so yeah
the ports are rushing in from Australia
New Zealand the 2016 has passed away
yeah we're really late to the party of
this part of the world in a relative
sense
they could have given you computer
opponents maybe that's an option all
right I'll check into it it might be
yeah I completely that's a that's a good
idea somebody suggested I could play
stardew valley you good - game with that
I've barely played it yeah you know is
that so bad
I thought you would like it oh I'm far
from loving it
we're a long way from loving I said why
I didn't say long find some appealing
shit I'm stuck I'm stuck you're stuck
find a middle-aged man to tie you back
up or untie you know I really don't help
female scheming stereotypes at all but
you know what their stereotypes
you name a stereotype and there's
probably one person in that group that
matches it but it's a stereotype when
you assume that everybody in that group
or most people in that group follow that
stereotype
all right let's get out of here looks
like there might be other games like
minigames let's say what's what's epic
adventure and and buh-buh-buh Hemus with
a w no idea well I like that art The
Lost luau do do dodo do everything they
want you saw this game on the DS store
and you thought I like the art there's
nothing wrong with that I thought I
liked the art I liked the carts
important of the colors changing in
different platforms appearing and
disappearing and I thought that might be
fun - it might be fun to watch rich play
live
okay I used to be a halfway-decent
platformers way way back different grade
at Mario all right what is this mario 3
what's the challenge I'm trying to
complete game you say there's a
challenge what is it
what does it game does it just get to
the end
what probably works better if you've got
somebody who's kind of evenly matched
with you is this for the same people who
made speedrunners it looks like it could
be what speedrunners and how do you know
about it well is that specific game are
just speedrunners in general I mean it
certainly doesn't kind of resemble a
speedrunner Oh a speedrun around uh an
endless run again this runner that's
what they're called are they supposed to
be isn't intended or supposed to be
bringing one of those out with Mario and
it's just so lame why do you think
that's lame because there are so many
endless runners why do we need another
one that just happens to have Mario
honi endless runners are there just look
up endless runners and like the App
Store oh you know how many platformers
are there should there should they
should there never be another platformer
platformers have more - oh man less
runners it's a spike to get on you just
do one thing
you know somebody made a mr. mr. blinken
endless-runner and I think you just
insulted them well I think it was
probably they made it not because
everybody said oh boy I want to play an
endless-runner people said oh boy I want
to play a game to plank it did you play
as a blanket or is the one of his cast
you play us to chase by his can you play
it as play get in a wheelchair running
along rooftops your wheelchair yeah I'm
trying to get to the VCR repair shop to
it was to kill or beat up Jay and Mike
have they all seen the video footage
where you are I kid you not he went he
was in his teens at the time I think
early 20s maybe and he went down his
grandmother stairs in a wheelchair and
they didn't like the first take so he
did it again I'll never let him down
it's like the dumbest thing he ever did
he could have killed himself
yeah going down the stairs in the
wheelchair there steep stairs to shame I
didn't kill myself it wouldn't be here
right now yeah you paid with some kind
of like handsome like attractive guy oh
shut up what you're handsome big
attractive what that's some bullshit I
know bullshit when I hear it and that is
bullshit that is a great a
industrial-strength bullshit okay you're
kind of cute no no yeah I'll take that
I still don't know what I'm one of the
challenges I don't know it's not that
hard to get to the end
well Paul our fiction please wait until
the end of the chat if you would not
just kidding don't kill yourself
okay so let me it gets old but what this
yeah yeah oh I knew this he get old you
wonderful it and then we started and
then he didn't want a plant you wanted
me to play it
Mia culpa my fault my own fault my own
grievous grievous grievous fault oh
don't don't don't make rich egg races I
think Karen but handful not handsome
are you a handful what are those things
like dat's like those let's go come drop
things that they sell in the yellow box
tops
Avery dad look look she's got a belly
dance button Lucy I know that's don't
lie Sakura Sakura
what the fuck are you guys streaming go
get drunk and celebrates and balls
dropping oh brother another drink
subscribe for 20 months in a row wants
to say a shame that I'm alive
paraphrasing rich I don't know about
drunk but I did get some kind of citrus
hops beer yes this is this is Shanna
tame Shanna tea however you pronounce it
just kind of like Shantae he's got a
cult hit on the was the Game Boy Advance
she had a couple games they made one
recently it's just a shanty game this
one here looks like this girl looks like
jasmine unless that's that's character
the Chanti Oh where's the laptop that's
in there just not good get after her
problems with it the other day get into
read things from it it'll be fine like
three times
oh you and Jack like I touched your
cover and I got an electric shock and I
just got to UM for the laptop we'll play
it in the Frey the damn thing seems to
be still on let's see
there's a Shannon C game just on Steam
isn't there all right how do I get to
the subscriber thingy what how do I get
where I can read their tips or anything
like that I think I found it I think I
accidentally pushed it as I can adjust
him
moisturise is that the set the secret I
don't know but whenever I'm visiting my
parents whenever I pet their big dog I
always get like crazy shocks look I'll
pet his head I'll get a crazy shock and
he never seems to notice and I'm like
how could that that hurts your face
well Shetty there is no menu open the
program but it's putting touch pads why
why why why why God yes why touch
offensive the worst thing pads are fine
no they're not the alternative to a
touch pad is having to have find some
place to put a mouse when the touch pad
is already occupying your whole lap all
right we're gonna change when the
laptops all react on your wife we're
gonna change games relatively soon okay
relatively soon this isn't really my cup
of tea okay so after all that MacGregor
morale and touch pads and electrocution
we don't have any tips yesterday so
that's that
cream cheese and yellow cheese no
monster in my pocket monster in my
closet
all right you you want to play more of
this for no no no it's last month long
as I knew it what I knew Richie knows
but she knows she's a smart man he knows
what's going on he knows the score I
suggested Matthew land you think that
what I lasted much longer
mappy land anything what are the odds
mappy land has a steam port does there's
a one word one word no mapping land is
not on Steam yep
what are these Mattie cosmic cavern that
doesn't seem like nappy Lissa's that's
not Matthew whatever it is yeah what is
this what's going on
you said you're wishing for more Linux
releases is Linux I mean I know like
Android and Chrome have you know some
kind of Linux structure underneath of
them but and I know Linux has many
adoring fans but is Linux still a thing
as far as mass market is concerned I
mean I wish it the best absolutely but
is Linux kind of dead as a as a
mass-market user thing and as a
releasing you know mainstream games for
thing it's that's true my feeling might
be in the Namco collection for steam but
it might be hard to browse through all
that stuff - I don't have to play
everything is fine and every Shantae oh
that is that is her yeah totally is her
person if it was on Steam Sanrio this is
this is a very classic kind of
platformer it looks like I've never
played any of them I've heard of him we
could play this or you could just start
him is there a third option our stream
is running on Amazon Linux right now but
I mean as a home desktop and as a
platform for added mass market for
servers but I mean you're talking about
getting games and I'm just wondering
like I'm sure there are a lot of games
for Linux this is still viable for home
users this is kind of a cuter platformer
is this something you're interested in
yeah yeah like yeah a little bit okay we
she's sliding on a
oh my god that looks like like Amazon's
warehouse and then she's an elephant
another made three of these games on
Steam just what I was just looking at
this one oh she's learning
it said XCOM you know you want to
he's been doing that for like the last
like since you saw him it's it since we
were on here he's been doing that like
the the plan lot the plan is totally to
finish off that playthrough on stream
it's been two straight streams right
play Dexcom I don't know if I should do
it for third but I'm kind of mad at XCOM
right now I was heaven as you know I've
been trying whoa let me find it for you
we'll talk about this after I find a
friggin game all right ash Anat a game
stardew valley sanity or chanté chanté I
don't know how you pronounce it what's
what's the what's the consensus in the
chat
what's a consensus with you what are you
interested in do you want to play that
platformer do you want to play starting
this is up to you
let's just started you want to be sure
okay
no not crazy about the button scheme
I'll give it a shot
and then coal they've got a pacman
museum I don't see a Namco collection
it's all pac-man okay that's why it's
the pac-man Museum all right I'm gonna
I'm gonna quickly download starting and
then I got a feeling Karen's gonna get
bored of that before too long too they
want me playing doom there might be some
comedy value in there but it wouldn't
last long
Shanti its Brown Shanti all right
Shanti or not dude I thought Karen
wanted to do starting it is let me close
that Shante Shante here I shantytown we
can do whatever the fuck we lost seven
oceans
that's
startling juji I probably already have a
copy on GOG
I usually try to support gog.com they do
games are kind of like steam only all of
their games are DRM free you actually
own those games and I gotta go on a full
read but I plugged them frequently
because they do they do God's work
because lord knows God not God isn't
doing it God hated dear Emma wouldn't
exist all these horrible things that
exist God is okay with it part of the
Divine Plan or something well it's
really kind of a horrible plan that
isn't it well you don't don't know that
the full long range I'm doing this on my
knee and knee is this well no yeah I
just want the mousepad I don't want the
lap desk with it that's why I asked I
just I just want a big floppy pass that
I could throw my this is the sound of me
hitting him with it I have a cold
I'm sick and I have limited patience or
this smartass made some smart what so
what changed aiming it's a three-hour
process to change the game because the
game Karen wanted to play as I predicted
and she only wanted to play it for two
minutes
you played started to I just I just got
it set up turns going to go drink well
well those nights going great oh they're
sure she's gonna she's gonna take her
time she wants to play starter and then
she's not good place he's gonna play
started until
our time is it 8:07 she'll be done with
the game by 825 825 is my call my
prediction 825 and she's she's the
controller is down on the ground and
she's talking and she's not flying start
over 825 that's assuming she gets back
before 810 it's taking her a long time
to grab a fucking beer
20:17 is off to a great as it started
yet
this is the end of 2016 actually pretty
good before midnight I'm still waiting
to hear about the terrorists flying a
plane into Trump Tower when when the
party is going on with all of the
dignitaries and all of the celebrities
all of the celebrities that you like you
wonder Cohen he's dead
you liked him and he was a celebrity
because he's already dead all right new
know Marilyn Manson well yeah we didn't
whatever hey hey hey I remember remember
what we said about about you talking
quietly I'm ready shove that shouldn't
microphone right right into your face oh
just pretend like I'm not a $2.00 she's
microphones anyway all right what do I
type you go type my name Aaron you have
a keyboard well no you have a keyboard
it's it was literally within hands reach
of you hey you can't capitalize did your
nut head kept lock what no I didn't your
cap lock I had shift did you hold shift
him okay maybe that cap lock maybe that
shift is broken maybe try the other
shift
oh yeah okay so guess I'll just hit
shift Aaron farm name what's my farm
name gonna be
what's name of Karen's farm we need my
farm Fisher farm Michaels Fisher George
Michaels Fisher Reynolds farm in memory
memorandum of there we go Fisher
spelling is awkwardly as possible
favorite thing what does your favorite
thing mean in this game cute little
touch it's not super important toenails
okay
favorite thing what's wrong animal it's
got to be a dog okay there was a
remember there was a thread on lion on
the forum for this game where somebody
had embarrassed themselves because they
don't know what the hell is going on
apparently they had put Hitler in as the
favorite thing and they forgot about it
and then they went on the forums little
mice Hitler coming up and I was like
well that's what you put in as your
favorite thing it's just like egg on
their face in your leg
what do you mean you're moving the mouse
I'm sorry I'm sorry
that is my fault it is your fault yeah
skin let's see this is our pale as fuck
option hey let's fuck hair that's about
right
oh that's terrible hair shape
you can't alter the haircolor
I guess shirt-collar I guess that works
pet kitty Oh Karen is totally a dog
person
all right I'm going to grab a soda I'm
going to go grab a non-alcoholic
beverage do that hair too exciting their
pants color jeans are just fine shirt
color shirt color option
I guess that looks as much on like me as
next character we're just getting lit
yeah right and for my very special
granddaughter I want you to have this
sealed envelope full of anthrax spores I
want you to have the sealed envelope no
no don't open it just yet
have patience wait until I'm dead now
listen close
whoa I know my breasts pretty bad
because I'm almost dead there will come
a day when you feel crushed by the
burden of modern life may the burden of
modern life who knows yeah I stolen your
Hershey's Kisses but it's okay because I
grabbed two and I offered you one what
makes it all right some kind of
fictional religion would be my guess
what these computers look like eggs
didn't anybody look at the one guys dead
and the one there the other one they
showed he was on drugs yeah like hold
free to smiling you know pilot pills
dear Karen if you're reading this you
must be in dire need of a change
the same thing happened to me long ago
I've lost sight of what mattered most in
life real connections with other people
in nature so I dropped everything and
moved to the place I truly belong and
fairly not Wisconsin because connecting
with rain with nature right now is kind
of a bitch there's winter in the game it
doesn't last half the year though so I
mean you can't even ski right now
there's no snow it's just cold and wet
I've enclosed the deed to that place my
pride and joy
Fisher farm it's located in stardew
valley on the southern coast it's the
perfect place to start your new life
this was my most precious gift of all
and now it's yours I know you'll honor
the family name my dear
good luck love your amp ah yes if Lewis
is still alive say hi to the old guy for
me will ya I'm not allowed enough course
you're not turn me up turn me up turn me
on turn me over
testing testing you could give this
thing more up toward my face testing Oh
talk talk talk talk talk talk talk talk
talk the Sun was shining on the sea
shining with all its might
it did its very best to make the billows
smooth and bright and this was odd
because it was the middle of the night
the moon was shining sulkily because she
thought the Sun had got no business
you'd good
I turned you up a bit haven't closed the
cyanide pill just in case the farm
doesn't work out I know how thoughtful
grandpa why is there no Karen emote
there is no Karen yeah
won't we you get emotes like you have
like pizza rolls and things right yeah
there's no Karen yeah I'm sorry I'm just
a minor character I think we'd filled up
our a member of --mode slots before
you'd even been on scene that's why last
time we got rid of them red one we
replaced one the chat like freaked out
yeah it was very it was a very
controversial you have to get rid of one
of your favorite emotes hello you must
be Karen its Robin a young woman or a
very very pretty young man please chew
and grunt more into the mic who me
I have a cold if I'm like clearing my
throat or something I apologize I'm
Robin how does it feel to be an asshole
yes seriously I'm Robin the local
carpenter mayor Lewis sent me here to
fetch you and show you the way to your
new home
he's there right now tidy news up for
your arrival you made a sweet woman it
was her I was here to entertain you on
New Year's Eve feel bad for a moment
what does that feel like good feel like
victory Fleur sadist I don't know what
does that feel like let's see this is
Fisher farm and it needs water
or she's crying what's the matter sure
it's a bit over girl but there's some
good soil underneath that mess little
dedication you'll have it cleaned up a
notice talking about you you hack fraud
I'm not grunting I just
all right is that Louis that's Louis
you're kind of flat-chested there aren't
you yeah just a little bit little bit
which is kind of little I mean a pixel
or two takes you from from flat-chested
w cop rude you know they recently
rebooted the Powerpuff Girls right yeah
you know they largely use the same
designs okay
except the teacher the kindergarten
teacher yeah they took her breasts off
that's weird
she's completely they she had like two
little bumps before and they're just
gone now otherwise I think the character
model is identical what about miss Bella
I mean she knows whatever she was always
pretty buxom yeah they got rid of her
entirely
she wouldn't the best characters yes I
know they got rid of her entirely
because she has boobs yes I guess that
sends a bad message that woman can have
a sexuality I don't I don't know you
didn't have to have a sexuality booster
boobs are boobs people have boobs
they're useful for you know feeding
babies and stuff all right how do I move
if you have anything to sell places in
the box here I'll come by during the
night and collect it well there's
nothing creepy about that but I'm not an
especially big Powerpuff Girls fan I
just saw something about this online
randomly I don't like that's weird
I thought you were gonna tell me that
they like made the Powerpuff Girls grow
up and have boobs
which is I mean you know yeah one would
expect me to boom sooner or later but
the whole point the Powerpuff Girls was
that they were five-year-old girls
little tiny kindergarteners beating
everyone's ass violently violently very
violently what do I got an axe hole a
watering can a pickaxe and a scythe and
a barrel chest and a big flat barrel
chest do I have to like collect these
things
what do you mean collect them this box
do I have to do anything to it
what's the dope in it there's the box
I think it's just your inventory okay
you're opening your inventory okay I
think yeah right all right no I don't
want to close anything I just want to
well this go you know want to throw that
out that's your max I know I know how do
I close it
I'll try look we'll put the X down into
a slot first okay oh no try other
buttons Sid look there's the B button
try Y X Y it shouldn't take you this
long to hit all the eggs while moving
them back here in between start
select Jesus Christ Jesus Jesus Jesus
save us there how'd you do that
hey - grab it move it around yeah I did
that I need to put it back grab eight
eight Amy did that eight eight there you
go then these these in the back that's
Alexa Motul you're using you didn't like
what I was doing
yeah you're talking about the little
flappers yeah
okay can I drink the coffee iris that
soup that's bold well as a decorative
Bowl okay I think I'm holding it now you
are holding it do I want to hold it no
but well some to you Oh could I do with
it you could have put it back on the
table yes you can not not from here get
out of here
hit hit the B button okay whatever hit
the flappers C select that thing yeah
I'll put it on the table
you know I light a fire okay you're good
you let your fireplace watch TV actually
you open the box wanted to watch TV but
I got parsnip seeds hit the flappers now
go to the TV go to bed you could that'd
be a waste of it today go to the TV
select channel a weather report it could
rain the next day
welcome to Koz I'm Mackenzie v your
number one source for the news
entertainment and now the weather
forecast for tomorrow it's going to rain
all day tomorrow see it heard the water
crop sort of rage that's what that means
I think I just poured water on my TV yes
you think you did fortunately it did not
break let's get the fortune teller I
sense that a new viewer has joined us a
young lady from yesterday family gypsy
ah
Judas a young lady from stardew valley
welcome welcome
the spirits are in good humor today I
think you'll find you find you'd have a
little extra luck living off the land
channel welcome to living off the land
we're back again with another tip for
y'all now y'all listen up this one's for
all your green hounds out there chop
wood and search for wild for words earn
some cash while waiting on your first
harvest there you go are you read mind
okay Dracula gypsy woman and they're
gypsies and they originate from like
you're an old kind of Transylvania kind
of Romania area that would be a Dracula
accent we mean like like the Roman II
yeah you're exactly your stereo
typical gypsies okay so I need to clear
shit I think oops I think I just watered
something that's probably a weed I want
to get all your gonna clear you want
your site so you remember your flippers
scythe-like now you gonna have to go in
there if you just selected with the
flippers you selected with the flippers
and no what do you what are you closing
this you have the accident you have to
put the X zone put it for the safe zone
now get out of there get out of there
I'm trying this is fun this is easy use
the flippers to select the site all
right now select the site that's that
that's the home that's a yes the pickaxe
not flipper flipper flipper flipper hey
isn't that a IPX these are all weeds
yeah even that wood that's a stick which
you can use the axon and then down there
that's technically grass but you can't
grow crops out of grass seasons don't
fear the reaper nor do the wind the Sun
in the rain sorry I'm having a having a
scythe moment basically you want to
clear up enough spot so you can start
planting
so with that grass throughout the grass
all right no you know yeah like you only
need like 15 you only got 15 seeds so
you can use your pickaxe to get where
the rocks flapper flapper I don't know
I'm being an asshole but that's just
because we're streaming is you're an
asshole and I'm teasing
okay big axe yeah now you're gonna use
the X button X yeah boom then you get a
little rock spoon which you can build
things with the little rocks poom poom
you get some of those down there to me
but to me but to me okay put to me ooh
so you can only like you could side all
around but you can only pick ax like one
direction all right okay then how do I
pick up the rocks you say oh you already
grabbed them you think of what you see
that inventory oh these little dots here
aren't those no no no this is the great
round things in your inventory Oh guys
the rocks
alright so now you need to hold the
ground so you could plant okay oh you
can't help but dump them
this is the hole right there's an axe
that's all that oh yeah the axe is more
than trying to I think that's the filthy
hole so whoops it's not all what am i
holding
molding we're hauling rocks
does anyone know yes
you didn't hold her ground well where do
you want to keep everyone a little bit
well where you know everyone
yeah you gotta if you want to plant
seeds you have to hold the ground first
you got 15 seeds in your inventory you
can go to the store and buy more if you
got enough you got a little bit of money
but basically you need to hold 15 tiles
so you could plant trying here to go to
the menu hit start go up at the top to
option this there's a thing that'll make
this easier right right go to the
gamepad thing options I'll hit that
always show tool hit location that makes
this much easier
this game is not very controller
friendly and placed by them in the mouse
I don't mind doing that but I mean you
really want to play with the controller
and then you see where it's gonna hit so
how do I get to go like here you stay
there yeah you gotta it's being finicky
about the positioning apparently so
that's six yeah seven
we doesn't have to be pretty it makes
you feel good if it's pretty nine ten
eleven twelve she can count see it's
easy to do this with the mouse you just
get yourself somewhere close and then
you can mouse on the specific square
okay so that's 15 holes do sixteen
because you found wild seeds when you
were cutting down the weeds so you got
you got a sixteen see so I'm gonna have
like line nurses and cultivar give me
some weird random thing yeah hybrids and
okay um so then you go flap flap flap to
the the seeds these are seeds that's the
one well when you phoned yes Park Park
this one right here maybe where you what
we're not doesn't only want it to be
like what I'm next to or something what
do I do that should be doing it X right
try a hey hey
all right okay and these are my other
seeds over here the one in the bag this
their own okay yeah so just run down
while hitting the button they can only
go in the hold ground so you can do it
fast just did you did you to hit huh no
I'm busy doing other things cuz I'm
stupid okay yeah you just hit that
button and run around it'll yeah I've
run up and down and won't go as you go
okay that should be all of them yeah now
go to your water and Kent Kent watering
can watering cans flip and then we water
you should probably you would probably
get into harvest moon friends mineral
town because that's designed with like a
controller controls in mind this one
they expect you to use the mouse to do
things you can still do it with a
controller it's it's a little bit more
doesn't let me do things with the mouse
so much of his I was making me do things
with arrows and keys and all that with
the keyboard like I said Harvest Moon
which I mean I guess I could use too but
you have money you could buy more seeds
or this could be enough for now what do
I have I see you have gogo leave the
firm go to there good here right
visit done oh there's a whole social
aspect of this game no bus right now
yeah put that down well let you leave in
- you put that down there you can pick
up those dandelions you can sell them or
give them to someone you can give people
gifts loot and alight
yeah if they like dandelions they'll be
happy together some people might not
like dandelions I remember giving
dandelions to my mother when I was like
5 you have to figure out what people
like I don't think she liked dandelions
she just like gets 5 year old or if you
don't like them you can give them things
they don't like oh yeah can I beat him
with a net cuz that's like we don't beat
them with a net you see that animal
cross and you beat them with a met oh
goodness let's see what's down here the
world's flattest hospital oh do I need
to check up
they're closed oh it's 7 o'clock oh it's
too late and they opened there there
might be close the syllabus or no it's
open but there's nobody Manning the show
well good I could just shoplift I'll
take one of these one of those one of
those fortunately you're an honest
you can't do that I can go hang out by
the fire which apparently I can't do hi
lady hello you must be Karen the new
farmer I'm Carolyn what is rich what is
your level of anxiety now uh I'm very uh
nang saya tidak right now I'm fine
there's the church and there's that word
symbol again I'm never coming around
assuming people might go to church on
Sunday yeah it's a special thing of
their special religion they just go
around watering no yours you're just
fucking with somebody somebody oh you
have to be friends before you can go in
the room are you friends with any of
them no but I think I just water there
doorstop you're definitely not sit here
let the exit yeah that's the upset oh
it's getting dark they're scary woods
full of Freddy and Jason no they're
scary mines fuel your life but like
slimes
Jochem part ah
join us thrive what's on sale there is a
church time but it's not Sunday I
believe it's Thursday if you care I care
a little bit oh I just wanted your
display sorry did you talk to him no I
wanted to find out what was for sale
there's just stuff wait no no no no no I
know you keep hitting that button it's
not the button you should be hitting
how am i doing today well I'm
uncontrollably wedding do you have any
incontinence pads for my watering can
I'm having bladder issues wedding all
over wedding a church wedding the door
wedding wedding wedding welcome to Joe
Jamar how are you doing today I don't
believe we've met I'm Morris Georgia
customer satisfaction representative
don't you like my bowtie when you decide
you want to become a Joe Joe member I'll
be delighted to help make your
transition a joyous experience is this
the other cult in town yes it is Joe Joe
join us thrive this is a bigger
supermarket but you can't go inside huh
Chuck to the cashier I know you buy
things from here you probably just buy
it all from the cashier whoa walking
mall walking getting my exercise
there you go Joe Joe Cola wallpaper you
know what a categorized the credit Quran
says the Georgia Cola energy no trash
wallpaper decorates Joe Jim Martin
wallpaper you can you can decorate your
house that's kind of stuff you like a
light parsnip see it's good bison
parsnip seeds right you can because the
other guys I think they're a little bit
more expensive than buying them from the
other guy but he's closed all right so
I'll buy some parsnips seeds
how many more you want to plant you got
a plant oh wait you don't much time to
plant you follow us I figured what time
it is
toy you know maybe 1 a.m. you just fall
asleep wherever you are and you lose
energy the next even if I get a job -
Cola yeah well what good's a Joe Joe
Cola they're not much good if you're
already low on energy
it might be nice to have something to
drink you know I'll buy a Joe Joe : ok
you can burn you can buy some parsnips
and plant them tomorrow wait did I buy
Joe - Cole you only got
you only got 475 in your inventory but
my Joe Joe Cole is 75 well your sole got
the parsnips and your cursor Oh would I
put them in here this up your butter
somewhere
well putting virtual things that my butt
isn't really gonna make much difference
well buy more than one cuz that second
of one inventory spot at a time that's
dumb how many you're buying um oh you
can't add I don't think you could do
I'll never mind
I'm just dumping yeah you could stack
I'm just like an animal crossing how
many should I buy uh this is this is a
tactical decision that you're gonna have
to make you have 425 left but I don't
have no idea what I want to else I want
to buy why don't all right look here
I'll buy four or you can sell those
dandelions that's 100 bucks and then
I'll buy a Jojo Cola because I wanted
you to call Oh parsnip but that's what
they call me but they I mean no one
let's see oh the earth is all red is
that a side effect of the Jojo Cola
that's a side effect of being night you
haven't drunk my god I was listening to
that
um nuclear accidents audio book that we
started listening to and they were
talking about like you're a fall asleep
in the middle of its own home the Tesla
like did shit like stuck his head no you
know x-ray beams and wrote about of the
stuff he like had no frickin clue it's
like and then like you know he kept
writing these reports and by the end he
was like uh yeah you shouldn't do that
medicines a assistant needed to have
both arms amputated really from
radiation ruins yeah this my house yeah
by still time to plant right not really
a little bit he's right trip I don't
know what happens if I collapse the
middle my field you'll wake up the next
day with half your energy and may be
missing some money alright alright I'll
go to sleep but there's no hard time
limit it's not like you have to do X
amount by the end of the summer or you
lose the game you can you can have your
firm be a record I think there anyone
even get charged there's like no
mortgage like I think this is somebody
actually made a mod where there's a
mortgage is just because it feels right
yeah well crossing has a mortgage the
weather wide huh the damn mother lied
yeah how do I do I fill my water up here
yeah
like X well you have to be facing it but
yeah there you go
you know you didn't know I fucked it up
inside of my magical watering can drive
to one of my plants again or just what
does she do every day unless it's
raining drink should be for you on the
weather law drink you drink freeze one
they get more than one drink you don't
just one you're wasting energy oh my god
just one okay you don't fight well new
to this you don't find kiddo I'm sure
you did things wrong - you just found
them out the hard way that's fine yeah
of course
no shit but give you a hard time
there's no water okay whoop that's - you
can't like flood your plants like
remember when remember when the store
the store manager had that plant and he
thought because they assigned me the
floral department that I somehow knew
everything about plants but it was easy
with this one because this plant was
like four feet long and its roots were
like so rotted it was never like an inch
long and I'm like yeah I don't know if
he does secretary we're taking turns
over watering it or what but it was a
goner
all right I need a hoe now it's a hoe
down flip you have mail by the way oh
you've got mail
oh that's not mail hey I put my
dandelions down before I can get my mail
you get solos if you walk where do I
sell them you see that bin over there
it's your right
oh okay you show it there okay wait
where's my mail X no wait I think I've
got a excuse me I need to put my X
X you dad and align nothing right now I
put it in here
no I don't want it you didn't want to
put it in there
how do I put it down no flapper no okay
flap to the mail mail no mail no try
buttons
why not done by not Y X X no get me out
of x-ray X train a No Oh No
I want to do it my mouth uh we read it
really quick
did I read it again maybe oh wow you did
it
this is I think what it was somebody
named Willie invited me to the beach to
visit the beach south of town he says he
has something to give me that sounds
kind of creepy go see some Willie at the
beach I mean so give me some that's just
visit the beach south of town before
5:00 p.m.
well I'm gullible let's go see what he's
got to say you want to plant the rest
here if your four little parsnips oh
I've only got four of them so you bought
all right parsnips oh I got a whole hope
no no no wrong hope nope slipper tree
flapper oh ho ho ho ho ho oh oh oh don't
hold your crops X two three four ah
didn't let me huh
so much dude I forget maybe it's a
pickaxe something we'll never ever know
you gonna log there yeah
you only got four anyway that's more
than four all right I know what I
thought I'd do with a lecture okay
there's my ax flipper flipper flipper
flipper fly so he's going to give us
Willy deal yeah I know it's really
creepy X a now ho ho ho and then ho
needs to be here oh oh
oh you're doing great kid you do it
great
alright now I need to plant some Parsons
yes which are in the seed pouch with a
picture of corn on it or something let's
picture if a parsnip you don't know what
a parsnip looks like I know what a
parsnip looks like they're round and
white don't forget to water them I'm
working on it
ah well good no what did you do you
pickaxe them I didn't mean to I told you
not to pick axe on the wrong thing
oh well ok so so much for that person
throughout 25 bucks probably since
put that down here you're holding the
log you can throw the log out but you're
holding a lot right water again trying
all right I can't believe I left $18
beer night for this that was your call
dude I had nothing to do with that to
watch me suck it yep
start you Bailey
rest in peace parsnip no right or
parsnip all right where's the beach I
want to see this guy Willy self doesn't
map in the game need you right sewer yep
well that looks like a beach it's well
south or maybe it's just a river thank
you that's a river that's next to a
beach
hi Willy
you look creepy I'm all by myself
ahoy there miss heard there was a
newcomer in town good to finally meet
you
more like stardew barely I'm still
trying to unwind from a month out of the
salty seas it was a big haul I sold a
lot of good fish finally saved enough to
buy me a new rod I want to show you my
rod I want you to have my old rod
burgers that came from the chat that was
uh it was a judge frowny face said that
George Lucas know the the the burn I'm
the sick burn on the star do barely oh
yeah I can't take credit for that
that's me reading check you guys help
out you guys make the comedy happen no
gang up on poor little Karen it's
important to me that the art of fishing
stays alive and hey maybe you'll buy
something from the shop once in a while
ah so he's got his own little little
nefarious purposes huh okay check Hera
would probably love undertale
let's undertale it's a game wanna play
when you're sick of this or when they're
sick of watch already done basic
basically a full playthrough a jack but
ya know we could just check it out
no yeah what time is it
azam for 25 laps up by 24 minutes 24
minutes this is cute I'd like to play
this later
and we just gonna play every game
tonight for like 20 minutes at a time is
that a problem it's not a problem oh
it's weird this is gonna be the
smorgasbord this is what happens when I
let you play games well now if you want
to if you would have had the thing set
up so I can do Nintendo I could have
show the Manimal cross again
thanks oh yeah you can play that thing
for hours I'm really you say I play ax
come off with him you know why you know
why Karen hasn't been complaining about
me playing X come all the time because
she has been playing Animal Crossing all
the time well I'm you know I'm trying to
get my reset center up and running I've
got my I've gotten my my police station
and my coffee shop I get flirt Karen to
play doom that would be hilarious for
about a minute and then it would be
frustrating and then it would be over
the whole thing would take five minutes
dooma dooma dooma dooma how do I get out
of this particular conversation you
don't try fishing yeah how do I fish
flap flap to the fishing pole flap flap
no aim at the sea
a little a little bit slow on the draw
there it's the eight button all right
yeah you hold it down longer to cast it
up further out but there yeah you want
to you want the bar me full then we need
get the shake that's when you real min
just wanna get the right button hey
maybe it's sex it's not a while since I
played and last time I played I was
using the mouse so your controls are
different than what I was used to
look chat me backseat driving
Jack while he was playing XCOM was
glorious it made for a glorious stream
and you know it was great you know
you only hit it once or you hit a bunch
of times when they win the fish bites
should be just be once I think it's
really fishing is really hard at first
but you kind of level up and it gets a
lot easier eventually I can get a better
fish fishing pole like there you go now
you got to keep it lined up keep the
green lined up with the fish oh my god
what do I got oh my god I don't know
what you can I have to gauge a little
bit a little bit a little bit pump it
Pump it keep it even okay okay fill up
the green bar oh my god you almost got
it again you almost got it there you go
I'll add 4 5-inch sunfish yeah real
sunfish are easy to catch
they'll eat fucking anything so blue
gills oh my god it's an empty hook want
it want it want it
alright so you wanted to try undertale
or not I don't know what you wouldn't do
trout soup is that good it's nothing you
need right now bamboo pole that's the
barren fishing I can't really force
anyone you gotta know let's duplicate of
the one you got well you don't need a
bamboo one what's that
Chum Bucket it's a Chum Bucket does that
help you get fish I think it's just
decorative Chum Bucket you can get bait
actually little pink shrimping you need
the you need the fishing pole that can
use bait that's the next fishing pole up
but you don't have yet been full of what
wiggling worms frog eggs
Hey Dude catch anything our ap Robin
Williams that guy's not Robin Williams
the the guy who lives in the tent
that is totally based on Robin Williams
from Jumanji can I take see shows yeah
you can sell them
Oh your inventory is full yet if there's
something out oh that's all right
like that clay you got a little one
thing a clay you get throw that out you
got that stupid Jojo mark can that you
didn't need what if I just drank it you
do that oh yeah then grab some seashells
at least one excuse me I need to get
this dandelion off my head no be a
something no it's probably x-ray you
know your highlight of this no I made a
hole in the ground can you plant things
in like different kinds of soil okay
level one seashell can I stack that one
was the same kind you could stack them
okay unless they're of different quality
they have qualities assigned to them
sometimes so you could stack silver star
quality seashells but you can't stack
that with gold star quality seashells
that's an ice cream stand hi dude hi I'm
Clint good for you Jojo Jojo
whatever the stupid name is I don't care
Oh headstones our beloved Mona
it's a mystery that's actually a mystery
you can solve a lot Tayloe you don't
know what languages you need to learn
the language do anus do anus is anus
it's old and faded this one that just
doesn't want to tell you because it's
sideways apparently she's not capable of
walking around to the other side and
taking a damn peek walking on graves
what the hell's history recreations it
sound like they care but dead there the
name real there fictionally dead that's
like that's like that's like being
double dead you weren't real to begin
with and you're dead the only thing that
would be more dead is like a fictional
story in the game with somebody's grave
I'd be like triple dead okay found I
went home for quadruple oh I think I
need to put stuff in here like
dandelions I could sell down the lines
yeah and the fish and the sea shells put
in the box so you're in your own
inventory not in the bin I think I just
threw us threw it on the ground all
right
it's behind the bedroom so you can you
did okay hit the other bummer at the
other bummer hit the other runner hit
the sunfish click on the sunfish they go
click on the clam click on the dandelion
I don't think you get much for them or
if anything but you can sell the clay
the rocks and the weeds now hold on take
a rock smack thank
take how well you'd pull about move the
cursor over to them they go nope take
the weights back some of the stuff might
be useful I'll show you something go to
go to bed tonight and then we'll do
something tomorrow okay and I guess you
don't worry about falling behind there's
no schedule in this game you're keeping
up with you go at your own pace so
everything's fine you just stay as far
away from that mic as possible because
you talk so loud you turn the heat down
it's still 900 degrees right it's not
900 degrees you're wearing a sweatshirt
for no good reason
well you just take a shot you're off
you're saying that so that are you sure
none of these cameras are on nobody can
like hack them to be oh no none of these
cameras are on yeah
all right I'll go turn the heat down no
because I could hack the camera you
could have made my New Year's Eve no I
made somebody's New Year's Eve okay so
what am i doing okay second of spring
year one
they said go to bed we'll do something
tomorrow rich chat up line number 237
okay I'm up
I'm going to turn my fire off it's
raining I don't have to water anything
tada
wooden okay
X X X X boom pow whoops
Bing chop down some of the trees oh why
cuz they're gonna be in your way you can
run more ones you can grow more they're
gonna spread up all over the damn place
you're gonna have a hard time getting
rid of trees trust me how do I get the
stump out keep-keep Waggoner okay I'll
pick up the wood the wood fell out of it
and it's on the ground it's not okay
there ah
sucked up what's it what's this is a
slice your dog going to they have a dog
in all want to talk go get a dog I don't
know if you need to talk to your
neighbors first there's a lot of people
in the Sun you have not talked to like
you see your exclamation point and the
top right mm-hmm move your cursor over
to that the analog stick or the mouse
click on it click on introductions like
this this whole journal thing these are
like goals for you to accomplish 5 of 28
people it's a whole lot of people in
this town you have not
- it's a kind of rude really that's kind
of rude how do I break the rock hi to
your neighbors
pickaxe okay that makes sense but I'm
gonna show you something you can do with
this wood so grab those wood that's over
there over to the right there's some
wood on the ground what in the ground
okay now hit the button that brings you
to your your menu that you accidentally
hit all the time now you won't be able
to hit now because I'm telling oh my god
you did it first shot I'm shot
there's crafting you can you can build
stuff with like the materials you got
it's like all that wood you can turn
that into a trunk a tattoo a chest you
can put that chest anywhere and then you
can keep things at the chest oh so like
all those wood you're getting all these
rocks you're getting you can put them in
a chest for when you need them so I
don't have them on you just did it's in
your inventory you clicked on it
you had enough wood to make it so you
just click on it oh look at the other
things you can make you can make like
paths you can make nice little wooden
paths or stone paths fences and then you
learn more stuff as you play chests so
like you can learn how to make like the
crystal path if you got like like lots
of chords and you can you to make it
farm looks super friggin it's like this
so sounds like something you would love
okay all of your time and animal
crossing has spent decorating your house
all of your time and the Sims was spent
decorating your house here you can
either be decorate your house you could
decorate your entire fucking farm you
can put a nice fence around everything
like you should look online at some of
the stuff so where you want to put your
chest inside outside I'm inside I guess
I'll go inside and pick your sister flap
over to it flap flap flap flap and then
you can set it down obviously not in the
wall have to put it somewhere else but
you can put it in your house like right
there then you can go to that chest and
you can put like the rocks a nice line
is over now you can pick it back up if
it's empty you can pick it back up I
think you just have to hit it with the
accidental okay so then I take these
things yeah then you put them in the
chest like the rocks the weights in the
wood yeah and what's that you can put
whatever you want the show you can put
the chest any way to do it SAP the stuff
you can craft with it okay so I think he
was like you like like the like the
would make my chest a different color
yeah I like it what colored I guess
well what would look like a blue I look
like that yeah well kind of like that
color yeah that's a nice chest at least
now her character will finally have a
big chest don't bomb but um some
advertisement I keep finding cool stuff
my backpack is full does it sound like
you well Pierre's got you covered stop
by peers General Store today and check
out an affordable size 24 backpack okay
so hit that button then brace your
inventory that you always accidentally
hit you see all those great out slots
under there mm-hmm backpack gives you
ungrazed some of those two different
backpacks you can get okay so you can
you can get hold up like 30 things
eventually but right now there's 10 yeah
I mean if you're not using those tools
you can put those tools in your chest
hmm go find some people to visit we've
got that says that there's about 25 out
of 28 or some things there's like 23
left or something some ridiculous number
of people that I hope none of them are
on the bus see if you can fit Willy's
old rod in your chest that sounds a
little prickly says handle voof head
over F but head over Frank whatever
people don't bother to put spaces in
their name I read it like one word god
damn it
underscore exists for a reason whoa
like I say old bother is Oh bother or
not over there because he put underscore
can you swing in the squeeze no oh well
the game's ruined no no hit climb on the
equipment sup with that I play in the
fountain
both should I tell you also I see any of
these 28 people oh definitely definitely
daffodil oh there's another one down
there 200 gonna reach that one excuse me
I'm busy pushing the wrong button I
think I got it there's another daffodil
another once again you can sell those or
give them as gifts look there's another
thingy flower here
uh I don't little thing that's one you
can pick up though I'm sorry I'm sorry
looks like a thistle or something
what are these weird pulsating baths
little blob blob blob these things I
don't know they're like yeah I don't
know bugs I actually have no friggin
clue you think I'm gonna notice
something like that before me we're not
getting many tips today I thought I
heard one earlier how come how come I'm
not seeing tips there new ones
yeah I think we had one earlier yeah and
I don't see it on here I mean if we're
getting tips we want to be able to
recognize oh yeah I do
I can't wait til Jax backs he knows how
to use this shit and I don't I just sit
around and I I make funny comments
that's my job
snark the snark is my job lilius and
then we get to it like there's a whole
program here I don't know how to use my
shop
I can buy wood stone windows I don't
even know what I do with those yet so
what's this guy is that a doctor or a
chemist it's like the periodic table
uterus local scientist and father that's
kind of creepy
I'm the local scientist of the father of
all the local children this is it's the
best cult ever for him yeah seriously
all right now I'm signed out of tips
entirely wishes look in his microscope
and see things and small I mean like
enlarged small thing is enlarged I don't
believe you can Wow pictures microwave
can I put somebody or something in the
microwave like in maniac mansion where
you can microwave the hamster
I'm not good enough friends with Marui
to enter her bedroom but the chemist he
says come on in I father all the local
children oh my god tips are back yay oh
you just moved in right cool
here's one from the bar also androgynous
another day that I didn't see says oh
hey it's God with the Gunks family loves
the stream it's awesome you subject your
children to us hey
anonymous says Karen how are you going
to explain to your kids why daddy
masturbated with a droid for the entire
internet to see have you seen that clip
I have not okay well now she knows so
thanks a lot jackass yeah turtle Eliza's
happy end of all things rich and Karen
this is a drinkers day so as a non
drinker I am just chilling as well thank
you for streaming as an accountant this
is truly the beginning of the end for me
yeah the April is up until April your
life is going to be hell mid April don't
make rich angry says it's 10:00 a.m. in
2017 here marry fuck you it's January to
you all
we're ions they were that means
somewhere somewhere over taxes or Hawaii
is it earlier or later in Hawaii it's
earlier than earlier I don't know the
International Dateline without the
Pacific Pacific Ocean far away from as
many things as possible and it's not
straight even I mean they try to avoid
it being a try as much as they can to
avoid it being about it it's there
really much of a difference between any
Pacific in the Atlanta
I mean they're all fucking connected I
mean isn't it really just the ocean kind
of I don't know where they draw the
lines oh my god it's an Ewok
it's an Ewok statue that's up with bad
it's George Lucas know about this I'm
actually not sure what the frickin Ewoks
statue does you see an Ewok I look what
it looks like a monster with one eye to
me it looks like a cyclops hmm
or like one of those minions I seen I
see an e I can I get you what you're
talking about
yeah I definitely see an Ewok two ears
up top and then little eye nose that guy
up there that is totally Robin Williams
from Jumanji she talked to him I do look
at him look at that he does look at that
having Williams that's Robin Williams
Ranger hello don't mind me I just live
out here alone he kind of looks like
Charlton Heston as Moses DC Brady 133
says Happy New Year oh wow look at this
I could put a fire out and load it back
up
I have threw up and I am barely drunk I
hate tricking fuck this year already
fuck you it's January yeah oh yeah buddy
the children are you there i never
played around with one beer so much uh
teleportation it is there's like a
shortcut you can get you can get like
these little teleportation items develop
points straight to the woods teleport
straight to the beach oh that's what the
walk is oh okay
it turns steal shit well I'm using a
fucking tent you're trying to steal you
just you already put his fire out it's
already raining and cold you know how
hard that's gonna be start back up he's
freezing to death he's he's homeless in
the woods and you're turning out only so
much my choice though he seems like he's
like kind of like an old hermit yeah
recluse
a hermit and a crab nice kind of
friendly
all right down the stairs so what do you
think this takes you back to your farm
did you go south on the phone no not yet
now I'm thinking how do I get over here
excuse me I have to play with my pickaxe
or your axe or your scythe probably
would make sense to clear off a path to
that pathway south don't there's another
path down here that's an axe you're just
gonna fuck up your axe you can fuck up
your ex no oops it's not an axe either
that's a you can eventually think X is
the double thing yeah you can eventually
upgrade this stuff but you can also use
a pickaxe for I know I know it doesn't
seem like it makes sense but it happens
south and a little bit to your left so
before it gets nuts just start home left
basically you need to get down under
that leg that's where the pathway is you
need a stronger pickaxe that's the thing
that's gonna happen later you're in our
upgrade tools
oh no it's not my ex that's a hole the
Marlin says am I the only one looking
forward to seeing the new Resident Evil
movie are they still making those why go
on
yeah there's a hole woods down here over
here right that's that you don't have a
barn yet but this is where you can buy
animals they're closed right now that
they have College go put the cows know
you can put your own cows when you buy
them young lady leave her house alone
Leia lives on that little shack that's
down there then there's a wizard all the
way over to the left right I'm going
back north before I fall asleep I think
you get until 2:00 a.m. but yeah it's
probably best not the chanson I don't
want to be a I don't want to be taken
advantage of in my sleep
watch out you're running low on energy
that'll also make you fall asleep
where am i how do we get home I'm lost
in the woods
I don't even have any Jolt Cola you
found some coal excuse me I'm busy
passing out there we go no you didn't
find me so what do you think you
enjoying this yeah I just feel like
maybe pushing the wrong buttons I got it
you gotta get used to it okay I did the
same thing I did this have got like the
flapper buttons and the in the X Y a B
buttons and the what do you call this
directional flippy floppy analog stick
yeah direction what do you call
directional flippy floppy back in the
day when I was a wee one it was d-pad
just d-pad abd pads start and select
that's all we needed
that's all we wanted and we liked it
captain that pick a saying and
regardless of the new Resident Evil
Resident Evil the final chapter so maybe
it'll be the last one did do you
remember when like the the fourth or
fifth Friday the 13th movie was called
the final chapter do you remember that
have 30 thirty years ago yeah that
nobody believes in them then any any
series that gets to for more you don't
believe them when they say that that's
it Kirk says no the NES controller was
the worst see I know a lot of people
didn't like her they thought it was
uncomfortable but I thought it fit my
compared it here's what I'm going to say
Harvest Moon was she was pregnant I
sadly bought stardew valley when it came
out she and my daughter haven't touched
it and I think I'm saying about 20 hours
into it well we'll read that like
properly and not half-assed and mumbling
oh somebody just said my wife loved
playing Animal Crossing give him a wife
of worse versus a little 462 saira and
little nurse that I gots a little far
away so oh yeah that's closer wait where
is it though oh yeah uh so a very
excitedly broader stardew valley when it
came out she and my daughter haven't
touched this and I've sunk about 20
hours into it I assumed this daughter
isn't the daughter she was pregnant with
the daughters probably still too young
right notice it's it's a bizarrely
relaxing game you would probably also
enjoy some of the earlier harvest moves
have you played our played much animal
crossing first of all see I stopped
linking Harvest Moon once they started
making them like animal crossing CLE
came across because it's something new
every day like today it's like all kinds
of like New Year's Eve things and when I
go home I'm gonna or tomorrow I'm gonna
set back the clock so I can enjoy the
last of my you know New Year's Eve party
stuff that I'm missing right now because
I'm here but that's fine I'll just set
the clock alright so talking about the
controllers though that NES controller
was terrible I liked it
here's here's magical didn't like the
shape but here's what you gotta realize
about the NES controller what were
controllers like before the NES
controller you ever do you ever fuckin
use an Atari pad with that shitty
fucking analog stick and the one button
or the what was that the Atari 5600 with
it the two side buttons and that analog
stick that broke constantly and you
needed the NES invented the d-pad for
its time the NES controller was fucking
brilliant
why am I not able to get out of
brilliant wait I'm hidden it's X or and
then will I go like the Super Nintendo
came out they just they have the dot F
here but I mean I don't you have to
realize how fucking revolutionary that
NES controller was that deep end
what do you want leave me alone so I
know a lot of people didn't like the
rectangle yeah a lot of people didn't
like the rectangle I found it
comfortable but it may vary how you hold
it in what your hands are shaped like
and stuff if the rectangle doesn't work
for you and you want to use an NES
controller the dog-bone they call the
dog bone the rounded style controller
from the top loader might be an option
its same buttons except for ears Kirk's
is rich if the NES controller was so
brilliant why was the Famicom controller
at least rounded in its corners well so
was the NES top loader controller I
didn't have a freaking Famicon I didn't
live in Japan should've been robbed yeah
I guess but it's still not a terrible
control we're talking about the button
layout not the case shape and it's a
fucking quantum leap over what you had
before panels and knobs it was what you
had before the NES controller the d-pad
was fucking great nope my fishing pole
back so I can talk to this to the NES
come up before the sagermann Sega Master
System I'm pretty sure it did if it
didn't the Famicom probably did I want
to talk to this dude how do I talk to
this dude hey dude no
Oh aren't you the one who just moved in
I'm Maru I've been looking forward to
meeting you you know with a small town
like this a new face can really alter
the community dynamic it's exciting yeah
siberius if you if you love the atari
joystick so much i'm very happy for you
oh my god I'm very very happy for you
I had one I hated it I had I had the
Atari when I was a kid and I think it's
very telling that even though I grew up
playing an Atari I have absolutely no
nostalgia for the fucking system well to
be fair its games and it's got awful
controller to be fair and the Atari is a
joystick style controller and joysticks
make sense for certain kinds of games
you know what can you do with a joystick
well like pac-man it works better with a
joystick than with a d-pad pac-man yeah
you know you got the whole directional
thing going on happy and just fine with
the d-pad because you only have the it's
just up down left right there's no
sideways there's no diagonal I mean in
pac-man say I would rather play like
games that are like overhead like
pac-man with a like the NES advantage or
something with with it with a joystick
then with a d-pad
but that's just me and I am no kind of
expert stick is better for immersion oh
god I I'm assuming that's a joke and I
hope that's a joke because we're talking
about the entire age well I mean you
forget about the controller that you're
using I guess if he means that I mean
what you the controller becomes an
extension of your will of your mind
Oh a bar let's see what's in the bar
that someone vaguely like mad scientist
the controller becomes an extension of
your will of your mind no but I mean
like when a user just selves with the
machines and take over the world yeah
but like I mean like when I first first
got my first NES when I was like 13 okay
I was a little late to the party but I
remember it was very frustrated trying
to jump and I I pulled the controller
out of it out of the machine a couple of
times pulled the machine onto the floor
because I was trying to move the whole
controller because I was frustrated and
I was very concerned with what buttons
to push and how to move but after a
while you think about where you want to
go you don't have to think about how to
physically execute the move tree rock
creations just as rich joystick for
motherfucking tight fire here's the
thing that we're not I'm not talking
about like 90s era where you had some
good like it like a good proper flight
stick I'm talking about a shitty ass
Atari specifically an Atari 2600
controller versus an SD pad very
specifically we have a library can you
read it did you read books in it where's
libraries it's a library or bother I
remember what you said I was just hoping
I can never be sure I figured you were
joking though hey dude you have blue
hair
oh I can read it on your face you're
gonna love it here in Pelican town
they're saying you can go into the bar
no oh the bar opens at noon I guess that
makes sense
bars don't usually open early yeah oh
they're also open late she can go into
the bar later okay a lot of people like
to hang out at the bar it's a good place
to socialize in the game yeah okay
where's the bar a little bit north and I
think right of where you were up here
yeah that's what you're right you're
right oh yeah there it was miss Evelyn
down there hi Evelyn you look her yet no
why hello and welcome to our little
community Theory you can call me granny
if you like no that's just creepy let's
go to the bar
does your character get drunk
no maybe hello dude yes has the world
ended yet no but um I have faith that
2016 will end it all come on meteor
giant meteor for the win all right let's
see here Barty the barkeep doesn't want
to talk to me maybe if I go around the
other side
hey dude well hello there I'm Gus chef
and owner of the star drop saloon so all
the celebrities have died this year
backs how many of them have been like
active my bozo Sprint's been doing much
new stuff lately
why wouldn't I see any for this year no
his couple years ago two or three even
print George Michaels like what's he
been doing
I think they released a new album but I
don't know if that was just because he
died gene Wilder
he's wondering Cohen really well okay
better Cohen so of course he knew he was
I think he knew it was gonna be his last
like it's sad that these people are
dying I'm not saying that
what are we missing out on oh yeah I
mean Leonard's Leonard Cohen I would
have liked to of him oh cool
what's the spacebar which one space Alan
Rickman was act doesn't kind but we cut
an album right before he died huh right
oh yeah that's right I heard about that
oh yeah is the game within a game you
have a user right sick use the right
stick right stick oh you haven't seen
this before you play this game no no no
I just didn't realize this what you were
doing oh you move around while you do it
oh my god okay
am i dead yet
Kenny Baker yeah yeah they they replaced
him with a remote control like like 20
years ago
oh he was the little guy right yeah the
little person he was what are two or
something uh honey tea or both I believe
Anthony Daniels c-3po complained
bitterly then he didn't do anything like
especially lately they just put him in
the soup fried a shot it's not him boast
of the time because Anthony Daniels is
supposedly a huge prick yeah really so
the guy he kept the guy around for
nostalgia sake and and out of you know
is a tribute to his all the hard work he
did but he was physically no longer
capable of doing what he could do when
he was younger so here's here's a
question what were what was Star Wars
going to do with Princess Leia I don't
know are we are we missing out on the
reunion scene between Luke Skywalker and
his sister is that gone now was that was
that in the works that's a good question
I don't know now it's just gonna be the
sad scene where Luke hears news about
her dying in battle he gets to the base
with with Rey and he's going to expect
to see his sister for the first time in
ages and they're gonna say Leia was lost
in battle if they just CGI her like the
Battle of yeah I think noob and then
Luke's gonna be sad what if they just
CGI know is this a snake well they they
tried before they tried that road one it
looked terrible
oh yeah but young Carrie Fisher I hope
the main Star Wars movies have the good
sense not to do any of that
that fucking what was it Mose that movie
the Santa expressed the Polar Express
Polar Express well the police was like
almost 20 years ago now I think idea the
Polar Express if they had done it like
like claymation style would have been a
deeply charming movie it's a charming
story it's just like uncanny valley crap
is just weird crap ola unless Princess
Leia was gonna have a huge part in
Episode 8 if she was going to have a
huge part they're probably just going to
rewrite I don't know if they filmed yet
the letter tenses I didn't even realize
that target and Leia were CGI and rogue
one you're either blind or a liar
she filmed her part for episode 8
already in all caps all right all right
geez hopefully they didn't have much
there for her to do one nine nine geez
they might have to they might have to do
reshoots to get rid of some of the
scenes she was in if they had plans for
her in the last one and nine like as
last it's gonna be no last anymore
is there any advantage for staying on
the path that should get less tired if
she walks on the path and when she walks
in the grass what is there any advantage
to walking on the path as opposed to
walking like the grass no no you walk to
the grass no big deal
um ah sticking around
if they filmed her already and she dies
in episode 8 is it in bad taste to leave
her death scene in well me personally I
would say no but I could see why some
people might be weird about that what's
this where's the map how do I get home
I'm lost right and your farm your house
is always going to be in the upper right
okay that's just yeah let's go throw
stuff in my box of syllables you can't
just not have heard I know you could
just not mention her she doesn't appear
in this film
everyone everyone likes to pretend and
it is pretend that Star Wars is this
huge universe if it's such a huge
universe Leia can be somewhere else
while other stuff is going on she was
busy on the planet Compton Minh yard on
a mission with Odin Ploog she was having
an affair with Darth Maul to infiltrate
the base seven let's see where can I get
some seeds or something 720
she's Leia is not here right now she's
at the Senate what's the exclamation
point me pleading for assistance she's
at the Senate pleading for assistance
she has sent me as her messenger there's
things you can do without killing layout
the Star Wars universe is abuzz is uh
darkest the Star Wars universe is about
as vast as the ocean but shallow as a
puddle I agree I agree it's big enough
to hold whatever wins the card
scriptwriter feels like throwing at it
but there's not you're not building on a
solid your your building your house and
sand now they can do a whole lot of work
trying to plug in a foundation but I
think you're starting from sand are you
getting all biblical on us down yes I am
Peter you are my rock this Peter right
that's a reference to Peter Peter is the
rock that she will build this church out
isn't that the reference don't you be
saying that that some people build their
their houses on rock and some buildings
on sand and the sand gets washed away
yeah but Peter and the analogy Peters SS
he immediately said in Peter being his
rock I'm not sure why could be wrong I'm
not I'm not a fucking Bible scholar I
thought I was the reference the snow now
trick that that universe is a fucking
rock there's a lot of foundation in in
Trent there's a lot of depth can i plug
white cheddar popcorn simple truth
organic from Kroger you can do that
the shiznit throw I think it's time for
me to go to bed whoa I just pulled a
flower out out of nowhere I didn't even
see it
why do there's weird craters so that was
there like a meteorite landing where oh
all over the place it was a ground
texture you're psychic though because I
know at some point a meteor can't land
on your farm go to sleep for the night
sure why not
Oh Lord here we go with the Star Trek
says grumpy badger three what's wrong
with Star Trek and why can we talk about
Star Wars endlessly and not a Star Trek
why is that and I don't know that Trek
is just for nerds I don't know that any
of them are just for nerds there's
different depths of involvement I mean
if you're just casually interested lots
of people are just casually fond of
things taking it all the way from no
interest to obsession there's a wide
spectrum oh I got mail which I still
gotta read and I think I'm holding a
daffodil come on
to our value Jojo Mart customers our
team members have removed the landslide
caused by our drilling operation near
the mountain lake their little shady
aren't they these Jojo Mart people mmm
I'd like to remind you that our drilling
operation is entirely legal pursuant to
initial something else six one zero nine
one GOG Co amendment responsible
stewardship of the local environment is
our top priority we apologize for any
inconvenience this accident may have
caused and as always we value your
continued support and patronage Morris
Jojo customer satisfaction
representative Star Trek is for Nords
have have you have you taken a good look
at star wars fans have have have you
done that have have you done that have
you taken a good look at rich you bitch
you bitch whose side are you on
you're my favorite nerd whose side are
you on I love you in all your nerdy
glory
feet
all right at the bar no but 7:00 a.m.
can't hit the bar yet let's go see what
the sewer has to offer
so what was this other game that they
were gonna show you were gonna show me
undertale
are you ready for that yeah get in there
huh we're gonna switch to undertale
because why the fuck not then ever the
fuck I won that's what we're gonna do
I'm fuck we want
keyboard keyboard mouse check

[Part II]
Oh uh-oh we've got some kind of Star
Wars versus Star Trek war going here
Star Trek wins can't we just have a
casual interest in both we can we can't
you it's entirely possible I like Star
Wars well enough but I love Star Trek I
love Star Trek more than I love stars
yeah I like Star Trek better than Star
Wars but you know Star Wars has given me
some pleasure yeah Empire Strikes Back
is possibly the best movie ever made I
want to see what games Karen like stream
you have anybody got a better idea
rich no no it's fun casual fans need to
die I'll get right on that Tiberius yak
yak do not spoil the game best to walk
into it blind hmm
planet coaster I do love me some space
on planet coaster but it wasn't playing
very well on the computer here we were
having technical difficulties and we
tried to play there it didn't like
streaming play otherwise when you
weren't streaming but with with
streaming it freaked out that's true we
all are working on dying at all times
the heat death of the universe the
shortening of our telomeres the
digestion of my popcorn it wills if you
don't like Star Trek you don't like Star
Trek no problem planet coasters this
isn't it actually parka tech since we
tried to play it I have not I keep
forgetting to play it and actually right
now we still we're still working on it
we got to get our butts in gear right
now I do not have a regular working
Windows computer you've got the parts
for it we're painting the case you did I
can't get her interested in coming here
to paint yeah I want the flowers the way
she wants them eventually I'm just gonna
do it on my own that could work that's
what's gonna happen anyway so like he's
got a computer and I've got a computer
like but I don't have a computer at home
so yeah I haven't really played parka
tech yet and I back off the mic please
an inch or so I'm clipping what's
clipping
I'm an idiot I don't know here is that
better this clipping like when you hear
people's like peas and stuff that's
popping your piece do I do it probably I
do that all the time
we've bought special equipment to try
and fix my audio problems and I've
bested them all
please consume more popcorn popcorn is
good this is the kind where you just
open up the bag and it promises not to
have the camera being too much
horribleness into the camera or no
camera now you turn the camera on but me
get up and use the restroom you get
something to drink sure clipping is when
it goes over the maxim audio can handle
and either get okay okay okay but it's
not doing it now I turned her off
because people were saying they couldn't
hear over there yeah I have a tendency
to speak quietly but I've had the camera
in my mouth practic or the back of my
mouth practically turn her back down
it's fine I think just getting the mic
out of my mouth probably doesn't you are
you ready for this er just give me two
minutes - oh my god
two minutes for the lady
cute couple well thank you
rich why--what why--what what's going on
Oh Twilight Zone marathon yeah
I got some snack oh he does she's kisses
no problem this is big enough Virginia
better I'm sorry I can certainly read
that from here
I'm not in the frame are either of us in
the frame I don't even see the frame
I don't know he's grabbing some more
snacks for him he's into the tortilla
chips with shredded cheese I've got the
popcorn we both got the Hershey's Kisses
half of my face we'll get it
straightened out as soon as it comes in
here you can see my of my entire ugly
mug
they said that we're like half in the
frame or something I can't even see
where we are
yeah that's good
are you ready play uh yep reading what's
going on I was reading some of it you
read all of it it started before I even
got back up here they said you've been
man framing because I was half of the
frame earlier tail she's tiny she is
tiny it's she's a tiny little girl I'm
about five nothing with okay testicle
face long ago the two races were ruled
over Earth humans and monsters one day
war broke out between the two races
after a long battle the humans were
victorious they sealed the monsters
underground with a magic spell
many years later mount a bit 201 X 2000
something
legends say those who climb the mountain
never return
like this idiot yeah
idiot
good riddance game over the end you win
and you're dead and then that's the game
you die even this opening cutscene and
there's no continues that's the story
there's God who looks like baymax
all right make sure I change the name
and
Oh
all right what do I use to control this
it's been a while I'll see if the
controller works
I think Trello works in this game
- 1 & 4 I did that something's working
great well nope nope nope ok
get out of this menu X oh I don't want
to quit the game
Oh for crying out loud
there's ball jowls again yeah well get
out of here actually I think those are
ears no I'm gonna begin him usually a is
the all right we need a name you want
you want to name it after you or someone
in the chat I don't think we're gonna do
full play through this game on the
stream so whatever
what do you want to know can't make it
any longer huh no they can't do ball
face you just do balls pick me Karen me
please well the first one I see is
glitch so I guess something glitch so
mister glitch so we're just gonna name
it glitch backspace
come on g h i j k l i t nope
click uh backspace why did these letters
like doing that weird vibrating thing
it's obnoxious t uh oh
chan i think sounds like she hates it
already see haven't pressed so far no
but mi and i played this game we did
like a full stream of this game eh I go
to H and it I guess technically we
didn't get the ending there was a true
super Omega ending done
we just got an ending yes glitch enjoy
you don't get yourself immersed okay I'm
walking through a tunnel I'm getting out
and like some kind of goofy news you do
not sound happy I'm talking to a flower
howdy and flowey good no no you know we
I'm family the flower
sounds like the pedophile from old SATA
king of the hill nope
dragon no uh family guy yep same well
thank you firing me too that that's
great
no you new to the underground aren't you
Joey
you must be so confused someone ought to
teach you how things work around here
that's scary I guess little old me will
have to do ready here we go
see that hard that is your soul the very
culmination of your being your soul
starts off weak but can grow strong if
you gain a lot of LV but selfies stand
for I love of course yeah excuse me
you want some love don't you don't worry
I'll share some with you if a stranger
starts offering to share love with you
his love it out here love is shared
through so I want to know little white
friendliness pellets is that what he
calls him are you ready I'm not sure
move around get as many as you can you
idiot in this world it is kill or be
killed why would anyone pass up an
opportunity like this die
being saved by a goat what terrible
creature torturing such a poor innocent
youth do not be afraid my child
I am toriel caretaker of the ruins I
passed this place every day to see if
anyone has fallen down you are the first
human to come here in a long time come I
will guide you through the catacombs
this way
welcome to your new home innocent one
allow me to educate you in the operation
of the ruins the ruins are full of
puzzles ancient fusions between
diversions and door keys one must solve
them to move from room to room please
just yourself to the sight of them
to make progress here you will need to
trigger several switches do not worry I
have labeled the ones that you need to
flip splendid I am proud of you little
one
let us move to the next room give me
more time to read what she's saying as a
human living in the underground monsters
may attack you you will need to be
prepared for this situation however
worry not the process is simple when you
encounter a monster you will enter a
fight while you're in a fight strike up
a friendly conversation stall for time I
will practice talking to the dummy yo
you encountered the dummy when you do
fight
you gotta hit the button when it's in
like the center of that green thing the
dummy stands around absent-mindedly
ya u10 XP and zero gold ah the dummies
are not for fighting they are for
talking we do not want to hurt anybody
do we yes
come now I'm gonna tell you some
mother's game or shy I don't know if I
should do you want to go find school
things apparently I'm not supposed to
kill things it's up to you
it's hardly up to you froggit attacks
you rocket didn't understand what you
said but was flattered anyway
yeah it's not like herons do to hold
playthrough it's possible she will love
this and continue it at home it's
possible
she kind of babies you keep the
dangerous situation she's taking your
hand here you go
puzzles seem a little too dangerous for
now hold my hand that you're gonna read
this I'm just looking at the chair I
would like to walk to the end of the
room I would like you to walk to the end
of the room by yourself gee can I handle
that forgive me for this
disassemblers
greetings my child do not worry I did
not leave you I was merely behind this
pillar the whole time thank you for
trusting me hearth there was an
important reason for this exercise to
test your independence I must attend to
some business and you must stay alone
for a while please remain here
it's dangerous to explore by yourself I
have an idea I will give you a cellphone
if you have a need for anything just
call be good all right
hello this is Tori Elle you have not
left the room have you there were a few
puzzles ahead that I have yet to explain
it would be dangerous to try to solve
them yourself be good all right so I
just sit here forever I don't know have
you do you have to do you do you carry
no frog what's up
excuse me killing I have some advice if
you act a certain way or fight until you
almost defeat them they might not want
to battle you anymore
mantra does not want to fight you please
you some mercy human
playfully crinkling through the leaves
fills you with determination I think
that's how you safe store your makeup
if you haven't noticed everyone you
don't kill by the way you're not gaining
XP nope you take a piece of candy mm-hmm
so you stole someone's candy sure Oh God
you'll take another one
you take another piece you feel like
this guy can't go in there
can you get it off the floor I'll lick
it what I lick it off the floor guess
not why would you want to lick it off
huh no you save after knocking the candy
over I see
Chad's calling you a murderer
dodge that you move the heart around
you killed something that was harmless
nice so how did that feel do it do it
cinnamon or butterscotch sorry I missed
the first part of that oh I see thank
you very much
hello this is toriel you do not dislike
cinnamon do you I know what your
preference is but would you turn up your
nose if you found it on your plate right
Ryan I understand thank you for being
patient by the way let the hate flow
through you Karen hmm okay three out of
four great rocks recommend you push them
yes I have already played under talent
yeah
something in the wall say three out of
four rocks recommend you pushin it
sounds like a hint
oops yes yes yes okay what do you keep
cuz I'm trying to figure out what I can
push are you kidding
this what is that right where is there a
rock okay why are you pushing it down
look at the setup here oh that's a hole
that's
is she serious she's not a gamer Oh
embarrassed that's alright it's alright
wait
I didn't
guess I did now I did a lot
that's another hit
there a stream of thumb tomorrow I don't
know about a stream of thumb let's
talking about Jay I have no idea what
the fuck Jay is gonna do but uh I might
come here and stream them wrong you're a
normal stream in time why not Raven
Raven you gotta remember you you move
the heart around so you have to dodge
things
what dodge you ran right into the Frog I
thought I was supposed to move out of a
ring of heart you you bill you've done
your heart your hurt has to dodge the
white things
you didn't do one last year but Jaya in
the past has done new year streams those
it was in early New Year's Eve I don't
even remember do you see the pattern
okay you follow different places when
you go in different holes what does this
room look like just a hint it's not the
same room they're showing you the path
but
now eat some candy
did J say he's streaming if J streaming
I'm probably not going to stream
I mean someone sent a text
you're supposed to remember where the
leaves are on the bottom and then that
walk on there on the top
yep oh he said nothing just in the past
that was 12 to 12 okay
hasn't striven years I thought last year
was the only year J hasn't done it which
early last year end this
and he is not so I'll stream i'll i will
stream to i don't think it's gonna be an
all-day thing basically I don't know
what I'm gonna stream around I'm just
gonna wing it it might be earlier Karen
the path goes all the way down you can
see it
or worse dreams about he didn't say
anything he just he just showed movies
that's of all the way down why did you
go over why did you fall in that exact
same Oh what is wrong why did you do
that why it was like you see I'm
flabbergasted no and then all the way
down yeah
is there way you can watch the streams
from the past no there on our YouTube
channel previously recorded on YouTube
your array everything are you you have
no justice bearing lives huh isn't
thinking it for me you get the feel all
warm and happy inside there might be how
do you know oh Jaisal screams oh yeah I
don't know their archives anywhere
what talk to the chin
what does that sound I don't know
talking rocks
oh I'm small
yeah righty how's this I guess it works
oh now I have a frog and uh yep you have
some
what was the wrong direction okay I
think I think I got it - there you go
honey Hey what oh you what you wanted to
stay there all right judge gee you give
me a real workout here lady
Hajis it's that good huh
I don't tell me can I move now I gotta
move
hey hey let me know what I can move
so I don't I don't know this is that a
mouse hole over there
Oh Jason if it is I know that makes you
smile come on out of there you little
bastard let's say you can kill the mouse
no I like nice to kid
it's pretending the sleeve that's cute
move it up a force here comes the
napstablook napstablook
I'm fine thanks oops just plugging along
I'm really not feeling up to it right
now sorry what was that doesn't seem to
be hundred effects maybe again just
something else
I think if spare isn't yellow it won't
work but the text will be in yellow what
the hell
the other way other way yep
what else can you do yeah not what I
meant to do
let's go to one of the other options
whoa whoa whoa
what's an act
well I just wear you down da hell candy
how you liking this no not no loving it
not real good as but are you liking it
it's got some cute cute cute portions I
mean they did the clinical depression
that seems to be exhibited by most of
the denizens of this dungeon is cute you
should probably watch jack and play
through this game okay Jack and hoop
jacobean oh yeah are you done yeah okay
what's next
Wow Karen Karen is not giving undertale
a pass how do you undertale fans feel
about it it's good I'm just not how do
you how do you feel about that Karen's
not gonna do it up she's not gonna like
doom
Karen's bad at doom i original doom or
the new one new one okay what they're
thinking about cuz I mean I have played
the original one
show her the poppers poppers what
poppers what the hell are you talking
about is it a game with dogs
new crying tears that look like dollar
signs master Luke um you do know you
can't kill ghosts right we're sort of
incorporeal and all I was just lowering
my HP because I didn't want to be rude
sorry I just made this more awkward
attend you beat me you lost one
experience point that's not kind all
right what's next what's next
no I'm not gonna teach Karen XCOM she's
not gonna like it and I don't think I'd
be very entertaining I don't know I mean
we got the we got cats pets pets with
cats I'll tell you what we got we got an
hour and a half that's what we got
that's the that's my goal for crying out
loud
you play with actual puppies what's
sleeping dogs about Oh knowing this I
think that's uh where Santa won't even
see that SL I si si R l comes after all
oh well that's dumb below that all right
fine fine yeah no no no that's that's a
whole one Grand Theft Auto type of thing
I think I've seen binding Isaac it looks
dreadful yard well you can just talk to
people and I could play FTL that could
work that's that's the easy road Oh
actual puppies I'm totally game with
actual puppies but we don't have any
actual puppies here city's sky I don't
know if a sim game that we don't know
how to play is a good way to good game
to stream golf with your friends we'll
play some golf
I'm gonna say no okay you looks cute
alright fuck up
looks like minigolf here I don't know
how easy the controls are but see online
I think sit down though that's the
that's the important question we've done
rocket League before I know if we did on
the stream I play rocket League it
usually involves me going no no go the
other way I don't want to go that way
I'm getting stuck on the ceiling
alphabetize our DVDs don't take some
time show me drop see mmm
day of the tentacle I still need to play
that a trivia can be fun make up your
damn mind I just downloaded those golf
games play the golf game are there any
good trivia games besides you don't know
jack
not that I could find out today we look
that well that's why I'm asking them oh
the Shantae - what should you rather -
gone finish the cube plot for me one
with the girl with the belly dancing
genie the belly dancing genie does what
you want yeah everything golf yeah okay
you'll do golf next time although that
mini-golf does look like quality
mini-golf rich and I enjoy good
mini-golf in real life there were one or
one of the only ones which what shanty
there's three I'm available on stream
which one is which was good it's
equipped lash a trivia game what's a
good trivia game it's quick plashed
trivia you don't know jack is something
where people from the stream can play if
I'm not mistaken unless I'm mistaken
the new one pretend like I'm an idiot
when it comes to games you don't need to
pretend okay I can't see this can they
shouldn't okay they can't okay
oh we're doing the golf well I already
started downloading it okay before you
change your mind like eight times
fantasy violence and suggestive themes I
would do enchant a which one are we
doing you said you wanted the flesh shit
I do then why was golf just up because
there was the store page that's not the
game itself all right let's play it's
kind of loud
well then play your golf one because
it's already downloaded Oh
we're not home your tits come calm your
tits
they're pretty calm no they're not come
there no yes okay I'm top calm your
fucking tits
I'm uncle
this is how rich could suffice
suffocated in his sleep and sleep in ten
years we've been together more than 10
years I haven't suffocated him yet all
right whiplash I'm not exhausted I'm
just under the weather karasek yeah it's
been a good chunk of yesterday sleeping
so it's some apples to apples bullshit
we know jack truffle glow torch some
apples apples bullshit I think it looks
like fun well we already downloaded two
different games so I'm sorry forgot I
mean the answer is you're gonna go fuck
yourself is what I'm saying that's what
I'm what I'm that's the statement the
statement the factual statement that I'm
making is you can go fuck yourself I'll
remember that
how do you spell on je a weird name
updates alright now I go to this thing
we're gonna update the overlay because
that's an extra thing to update that's
what that is
it's Karen played co-op yes yeah
The awkward moving game oh the one with
the with the octopus the other one with
the marathon guy oh yeah I played that
to both of them both the one where
you're an octopus sent and it's your
wedding and the strage a Fleetwood
alright that's done you know what I've
been wanting to play something entirely
different that I have to download that's
not what are the three other games I've
downloaded that you've changed your mind
on nope it's probably not on here anyway
Crash Bandicoot I haven't played that
years don't the size of my main hard
drive I need a bigger one right now I
got was it yeah I'm like a pack rat I
don't I don't
uninstall things and I should install
more things um we'll see and I have been
going computer list for like four years
now I've just been using the chrome box
but you you I need to get into some nice
one you won't help me finish the damn
case for you soon
but you've got what I bought you a new
video card I know I want to get it over
it was nice enough to send it take this
awesome it's like you wanna come and
paint I'm afraid of it you screw it up I
want it to be perfect well you know what
I'll just do it myself you do it better
than I would
yeah there is an HD remake coming out
for crash mannequin
oh yeah they'll be doing it with nice
graphics I'm not gonna make it true 3d
are they because that would suck kind of
nice and good is well yeah but I mean
it's it's a game the baby cat again okay
cuz game mechanics err it's gonna be
side-scrolling there's not a lot of
depth yes I know I mean it's full 3d
it's just a side scroller and a corridor
yeah it's gonna be the same the camera
isn't panning around it sir I'm getting
to disrupt I mean I fix the stream room
so people could see what we're doing my
summer car jalopy there we go
grab the controller I play this fun fun
platforming game you'd get bleep around
you do things with you're leaping and
you're jumping in-you your whip lash
hair and all that shit it's gonna be fun
fun fun I'm sure here's what's her face
with underwear hangin above her head she
like an elf or something
she's a genie that's the game is called
half-genie hero for crying out loud
these are basic things which is adorable
it's nice animation maybe you go down
that hole dunno something there's
something else I can do too
video was zoomed in oh I see that I see
that I'm fixing it carrying what a pause
don't I paused it because you want pasta
but you're gonna disappear it's fighting
me why is it fighting me
well that sounds cool gave me after
derail a train using realistic physics
okay here we go yeah nice job this looks
great
kind of interact with the fireflies
that's indeed yeah the other button is
doing there okay
no but I can crawl
just going on a random prep door she
finds huh that's fine
I get burned
it's that little stumble animation scary
I do anything damage just avoid him
well I know I've seen videos of this you
should have some kind of hair whip maybe
you just don't have it yet see you're
skipping all that fancy story stuff I
was reading it that's fine
the game just taught you something pay
attention well Karen is skipping through
things real fast I don't think anybody's
paying attention
so what did they say I don't know
because I was busy listening to you
why are you busy listening to me I don't
have anything interesting to say you
didn't save no well not why the hell
would I haven't done anything well you
got to read that story think again
something goes bad well good then I'll
pay more attention next time apparently
fairly I can do stuff with my hair now
so I guess this means no stream tomorrow
no I'll probably stream tomorrow up to
fuck it like I got better shit to do I'm
I'm angry at XCOM I'm so I need to take
out some aggression I'm probably gonna
play duel probably I'm very mad at Max
combat what am i press why I shake my
hips
why am i angry on XCOM as you know
because I've talked about it a lot on
stream the last few weeks is I've been
trying to do a no soldiers lost
run-through on
XCOM in the last few days the last few
days I have been having the most epic
XCOM run I have ever had in the fucking
5/6 however many years it's been I've
been playing the reboot
XCOM everything was going right uh the
steam vents were in just the convenient
places I was doing good research I was
getting good rewards
I was just sailing through the game like
fucking water and I got to the this is I
guess this is a spoiler I don't know
Devon play next time I know you're
probably not going to I got to the
there's this one mission very near the
end of the game the the overseer UFO and
no losses I got Titan armor ghost armor
I got all the fucking plasma weapons
they got my on what difficulty classic
classic that's my favorite difficulty it
feels right classic feels good and I'm
on the overseer ship and you know I'm
being smart I've got some I made sure I
brought through I got like three ghost
grenades I got my won't heavy who
carried double grenades he's got two
ghost grenades and then I got different
soldier had another ghost cream this was
like two backups case shit hit the fan I
was gonna go spray and everybody and my
troops were chasing down this this elite
mutant mutant mutan who's running away
and I'm chasing him down to kill him and
probably like you've said probably I
uncover a psycho pod secta pods are very
dangerous there my tanks Michael walking
like 80209 if he was confident that's
what a sector pot is and
and I'm like all right no I'm fine
that's that's a sector pod this is what
I brought my ghost grenades for so I I
run my heavy up
I wrap and fire the sector pod just to
start whittling itself down everybody
who could see him which wasn't everybody
started whittling his health down and
then I used my ghost grenades everybody
is cloaked I can't get hit and what
happens the sector pod walks past my
troops and fucking triggers my assaults
close combat perk which automatically
fires when something gets within four
squares takes a useless shot on the
second pod that wasn't gonna come
anywhere near to killing it and it
revealed him from ghost mode he was no
longer in stealth and he had a sector
pod that was literally standing right
next to him he got shot he got critted
the mutant the elite view time we were
chasing he now sees my exposed heavily
injured assault trooper he takes a shoot
out him another crit I lost my favorite
fucking soldier in the game and my no
soldiers lost for one was killed it
probably would have been I was probably
within a few missions of beating the
game because the the last mission is
fucking cake as a fucking cakewalk and I
am so pissed at XCOM right now I am
never taking that close combat perk
again never
like the dinosaur
like Jesus I'd rather listen to rich
ramble about trek it doesn't sound like
you like any of the things I'd talk
about why do you watch but I mean I was
I was like literally three missions away
maybe four from beating the game and
accomplishing something I've spent the
last two months chipping away at this is
when I hear him screaming obscenities in
the night not this time
this time I was just defeated I was just
utterly defeated I was dead silent that
wouldn't have happened if it was a
support just saying I also wouldn't have
gotten that far from her support that
that troop had like over a hundred
fucking kills
oh yeah I was I was just sitting there
dead silent after it happened I saved
and quit deleted the file and sat there
I just sat there
support wouldn't have brought them back
to life sports can't bring back the dead
it only matters if they're critically
injured he was dead goddamn it just
saves come no one would know well for
one I would know and it's my own
personal challenge so same kiss coming
would completely defeat the point and
another thing as I was playing Ironman
where I can't save scum that
classic ragequit it's not a ragequit my
whole point was to do a deathless run
the minute that soldier died it was just
over there was no point in not quitting
I've beaten the game before normally
dozens of times
Blitzwing says i don't understand this
kind of challenge by arbitrary rules and
there's a one in a thousand random
chance of a rich perfect game roll the
dice enough eventually he'll win with a
lot of wasted time here's the thing
though
it's not just rolling the dice it's it's
using superior technics which I guess
the problem was taking to the
close-combat perk but that was a
tactical failure on my part not just
random chance X comes about minimizing
the randomness
hey rich what percentage of XCOM do you
think comes down to our ng rng random
number generator oh shit Bobby you know
in a sense shit
it has since all of the triple shit but
I mean you can you can manipulate what
what what your percentages are what your
what your odds of failing are like if
you're if you just play shitty your odds
of losing somebody are probably
relatively high very high but if you use
good tactics and you're smart about what
you do you minimize that you bring the
essence 10% you know XCOM is about
manipulating the randomness and the
randomness is what makes it fun it's
what makes it it's what keeps it from
being just you do the same thing all the
time and you're guaranteed the wind
there's no there's no thrill in that I
kind of like the RNG and if the one
thing if you were completely at its
mercy but like I said there are things
you can do to stack the odds together do
they have the ads be more favourably
earth to go in your eyes to know when
your boo-boo got toasted yeah what
that's I got distracted by burned you
got burnt you like this this is fun it's
cute but it's not fun it's just cute
well I don't know yet I just started
okay
I'm sure we ever going to launch
pass-through Neil Breen's newest
legitimate feature film on best endorses
Gavin 1529 it's a matter of when not if
we're going to do it eventually
yeah
that's
I can't just jump on here
can I drop a tiny business it's not just
have to be pushed with my hair or
something
MC Lucas says would you say that XCOM 2
has more randomness what with weapon mod
effects at all and would you say that's
a good or bad thing I think it's a it's
a fine thing like I said X comes about
getting dealt the cards and then playing
them the smartest way possible I don't I
don't think orangey is absolutely a
horrible thing unless you're a speed
runner what did i do - Jack I don't know
what the hell is going on Jack he has
not been returning my mustache I wasn't
I got a I friendly after like a week
we got a Happy New Year's text for the
job he's doing a digital detox or
something good babe I've heard very
little from him since he's been on his
vacation
it's his yearly family reunion I don't
wasn't it I'm sure you've busy yeah he's
spending time with his relatives he's
got a lot of them I hear ya that is the
thing I needed to talk to him about and
he wasn't a rude wasn't rude
we suspect what he's full of family love
or sick of his relatives whichever
happens first then he'll be back
oh geez no bitch they just keep coming
out now shake your hips at the enemy
it's bugging me not knowing what it does
says Shiva x51 it's the same I don't
know I don't know if it will do anything
more than the fact that they seem to be
kind of froze to do too much maybe maybe
you get some kind of like hip powers
later you just don't have them now be my
guest
this is adorable
whoa oh let's see just oh you just swim
I guess you can't get up to the higher
ledge
some beautiful sprites some of the
backgrounds I'm less sold on you jump
there was it worth it it all up on the
up on the upper right oh you probably
can you swim over there or something
she can transform through that dance
button so you probably just don't have
things you can no no here I go turn
Linda yet this game doesn't appear to be
challenging at all is it it is the first
level well I seem to be making it
through it pretty well and this is me so
probably not oh ye of little faith in
yourself that's sad it's so sad
that's a lot of pirate dirts
Oh does it work
what didn't we're all jumping up and
down to keep it from falling or
something no jumping on the one at the
drippers background or the one yeah
yeah does it need to be challenging to
be fun
give me my heart don't tell my heart my
Achy Breaky Heart you hate that song why
are you singing that says it's my heart
but you hate that song they do I'm a
woman of many contradictions moment of
cocktails in ancient wherever they are
low-key be 85s is rich when you go back
to your ex con game that you play
through to the end
I have a l'interieur to the melon
program make me a psionic or a mech
trooper to get some use out of me
question mark let me make you Mack I do
that okay I can't make you a psionic
that's that's all up into the up in the
air that's not yeah I can't guarantee
that
and this is this is this is old-school
platforming right here
it's one minute to 2078 depends know
where you are I got a full hour yeah
we're going by us us us standard time we
realize if you're the Pacific in our
time zone it's different to basically
any times over the sonars but we're
going by ours I haven't seen me play
rocket League in a while rich are you
over it says it's out it's just been so
exci funny that it's just there's no
room for anything else no well a little
bit of doom I don't think you've noticed
but a little bit of doom not that I've
seen
this happened I guarantee you what's
happened oh I believe you have some hair
uh-huh well it sounded like I'm having
fun noise Oh Alan that's a bird that was
a whimper if I ever heard one
nope
Kenny double jump no okay
we have some hair does it go with the
beat of the music
you got it you got it go up here and
collect the family Jews have some hair
more'n three cents I finished doom the
other day I sort of felt like the game
should have ended with the Marine just
straight-up punching that robots head
off and walking off screen I fully agree
there was no reason for doom to do that
kind of sequel bad bullshit
the game was so fucking fun it didn't
kill the game for me but yeah it didn't
need to do that at all and I would be
first in line for the sequel if they did
so head Happy New Year everybody in the
wrong timezone
what book yeah do you wanna do you wanna
switch I'll talk to him
all right because I think Greenwich is
the master time zone yes T is just DST z
it better
oh now we're having time zone flights
CST is the best time zone because I see
DT is the best time zone we're currently
not in it
I much prefer daylight savings
you read this one right this is her you
read it again I think I did
Happy New Year oh yeah I threw up and
I'm barely drunk I hate drinking fuck
this you're already fuck you it's
January
nobody tips tonight that's fine it's an
off night oh yeah oh that's cute
a boatload of whatever they are and a
ship with a face all right
well China kind of has a mono timezone I
mean it's a huge huge section of land
and it's all on one timezone despite in
the solar sense being a good number of
hours from one end to the other and they
seem to get it done they said your inner
weeaboo finally came out I forget what a
weeaboo is that's a fan of anime yeah
this game is cute doesn't mean I ship on
a slug yeah yeah you doesn't mean I want
a snail it's got a snail in the back
awesome sorry no that's all right it's
interesting that you say it's one
Wisconsin accent because I'm not from
Wisconsin Northern Illinois like I know
it's such a huge difference but south
suburbs of Chicago
what am I supposed to do oh my climate I
think he's uh yeah he's like got a snail
shell on his back end in three eyes I
know you're talking about a time zone
for the whole planet but I'm just saying
that I if China could manage it over
like you know five hours or something
why not when people go into space I
guess you would have to even set it by
some arbitrary time zone no I don't
Chicago Chicago nobody I know in Chicago
go she can go or sausage sausage Chicago
have I've ever been to the west coast
I have not it's like a very specific
accent probably spoken in a very small
area by a very few number of people yeah
the the dub bears thing is is more
uncommon that the dubbers thing was was
kind of a South Side of Chicago accent -
the thing is for like 30 years now the
south side of Chicago has been in black
people and Mexican people who don't talk
like that
yeah
that was a specific time in a specific
place Chicago accent that doesn't really
it's dispersed there are people who do
that da da da bears thing but they're
kind of dispersed now
wellnot England accents send to have the
the non-rhotic ours you park your car
and then Chicagoans are very erotic ours
and when I think of like West Coast I
think of like Kurt Cobain's accent yeah
Fargo Fargo is like Minnesota North
Dakota someplace north and west but not
like Seattle northern West North and
middle say I've done Avenue like that
why the hell are we disturbing I don't
know didn't have any other plans
we're not real really party animals
arrested faced Kurt Cobain debut 2016
that was 1994 he's been gone in a while
now I think I though other people say
aughh didn't how do you say oh gee D en
oh yeah
Ogden Avenue you tell everybody shows it
I thought that you yooper was like the
Upper Peninsula people like Michigan
people outside of Chicago don't say
Ogden that way well yeah of course
everyone has an accent where everyone
thinks they don't and everyone else does
we got a tip from Dan and stuff he
tipped us a lucky number and a smile
right back at you
Ogden Ville Brockway and north
haverbrook don't know where that is by
starting with like half heart of health
and get excellent sir there's all
different accents and there's like they
change over time which supposedly
increasingly a lot of people are saying
caught and cut the same way dawn and
Dawn the same way I'm starting when I
have heard of health cuz Karen did a bad
job of getting am I your sister I hope
not that would be like creepy really
weird
people don't believe that I can have a
love life Cina me said so the central
Illinois almost has like a southern
accent because like when I first started
going on AOL I had a friend that I met
online and I met him and his family
they had a work trip up at our Navy Pier
they met him up there southern Illinois
is practically the deep south well no
but we talk about central Illinois he
was he was they were from mom rant tool
which is up by Champaign remember they
were like and they're like can school me
everything was there accident was
definitely different I think you missed
a tip did I miss a tip oh I did
apologies hi rich hi Karen didn't want
this night to go tipless here's a little
bit for all the entertainment keep
playing games like games you like also
lol Happy New Year and here's another
one from
gobbledy that was from qi shots and this
is from gobbledy cooks happy new year
what's a pirate's favorite letter the
sea har-har-har-har I think it would be
our that's there's multiple jokes this
sure art or the they do different
versions of that I'm sure I've heard
that our see yeah
anything south of proper Chicago sounds
southern I don't know anything I think
anything south of Kankakee sound
southern yeah although some people in
Joliet who grew out there have have
something different going on it's not
exactly southern but it's different I
think don't you know don't know about
Joliet or lump it in with Chicago
something well if I mean the fair number
of Julia residents are transplants from
Chicago or transplants from Chicago
suburbs they're all kind of mixed
together
no Rantoul isn't practically Indiana at
least not the one I know of rental this
Rantoul is I mean X and wisedom you know
parts of some parts of Indiana but brad
tool is just a little bit north of but
about 20 miles north Champaign Champaign
Urbana you know and I they said nice
snail killing thank you it's cute it's a
cute game that's see if you can leave
the stage and go get more health good
point now
I seen the alien covenant trailer uh
here's this is telling I've seen it and
I can't remember a damn thing that
happened in the trailer it has it
completely left my brain this came up
last stream and I'd watched the trailer
that morning and I couldn't remember
anything that happened in the damn
trailer so yeah man Tino I mean it's
like some of those suburbs it's like
people who grow up in them have a little
bit of a in the far southwest suburbs
which didn't really use to be suburbs
even they just kind of turned into
suburbs of Chicago they do have a little
bit of a difference something I think
something cute is gonna happen but a lot
of people are transplants something cute
it's terminal monkey and she can climb
oh this is so cute now she's human again
well I think the monkey tutorial that's
such a cute monkey
if yours Peoria is far enough down that
that it sounds different than the
Chicago suburbs accent but it's subtle
like if you're from like Boston I don't
know if you would hear it and I'd like
to save the game oh sure I guess yes
definitely excellent sir need
I really like West Virginian accents and
Pittsburgh accents are fun who can get
rid of these pirates for good we're not
talking about you mokey just present the
savage negligible fish the early issues
of the savage dragon counter book took
place in Chicago he was a Chicago cop
the savage dragon and somebody wasn't
Eric Larson himself but somebody wrote
like a savage dragon miniseries and the
the artist for it was in the background
what there were mountains in the
background the glacier scoured the fuck
out of Chicago what is now Chicago and
good deal of its suburbs is on the
bottom of an ancient lake bed stood out
like a sore fucking film Chicago has no
mountains the cornfields Ted the corn or
the mountains Ted the mountains were
over Iowa the cornfields Ted the
cornfields Tyree had like airplane are
you fond of the movie Halloween the
classic horror film you know I haven't
seen it in 20 years at least you know
where it takes place have some game you
don't wear takes place Michigan or some
Villeroy okay Mike pointed this out
Hitchcock was flat I think it's a
problem next place like Chicago suburbs
somewhere Illinois that's fairly urban
Mike pointed this out we're doing the
commentary track for Halloween there's
there's just like a like a shot or two
with a school like an elementary school
it's an outdoor hallways yeah they they
have done that they would not see that
here there was there was one place where
they did it people said it was such a
bad idea
we're I forget and somebody was saying
it was such a bad idea yeah you don't do
outdoor hallways for schools in the
Midwest because it's too fucking crappy
out six months of the year
Haddonfield a little yep
but I think there was at least one
school where they did that it's just a
bad idea
marine kind of had that going hold all
these different buildings so you had to
stroll across campus in the middle of
freeze to death winter your high school
was built on a hill all outdoors
yikes well I mean the Midwest is mostly
flat unless some River recently did it
or a glacial post-glacial deluge scoured
the shit out of it and you know made a
river extra deep or or some glacial
glacier left garbage all over the place
like like glacial erratics and moraines
and drumlins and all that good shit
Kettle Moraine x' they want to know if
your microphone is on they say they can
barely hear you barely what no that
can't be true that can't be true I see
my thing going seem a line I see your
thing maybe they're just fucking with
you
testing testing 1 2 3 can you hear me I
jiggle the cord
they say you sound this person says you
sound fine at this point ok it's deluge
not deluge ok I don't think I've ever
heard anybody say it maybe I'm just
channeling my inner deluge I know I was
saying huge
oh I have been to Matheson State Park
it's beautiful the bluffs it's
absolutely gorgeous
it's Matheson or Matheson or whatever
state park and Illini State Park and
starve Rock State Park did you ever tell
them our story about Starved Rock State
Park
probably not rich and I went on a field
trip or just just so loud that his
breathing sounded like he was talking
whoa what anyway we we went on a field
trip with the local community college to
starve Rock and there was this special
guy I don't know if he was I don't know
what his deal was but he was on
medication supposedly and probably
shouldn't have been wouldn't should have
been unsupervised but I don't think the
people running this thing were made
sufficiently aware of that fact anyway
we found ourselves wandering around
trying to find him wandering around with
park rangers trying to find this guy and
then I was supposed to go babysit and
they didn't believe me why it was late
I'm like no really there's this this guy
and he ended up on the other side of the
dam supposedly and I don't even know how
you do that walk across yeah I didn't
know you could walk across the dam I
didn't know they'd let you like you make
somebody bottom off and I probably don't
let you I mean he wasn't all there he
was yeah he was specially enabled
something I don't know if he was you
know psychotic gonna walk across the
thing I don't know if he was I had or or
if he was developmentally delayed or all
these I know I really was special
he was somebody said something about
Medicaid heard he was a retard that's
what I was told he broke his back
climbing Bluffs yeah this probably not a
good idea
those are some tall Bluffs you know what
else has some really nice bluffs his
Garden of the Gods day park where I
almost got blown off a bluff I swear the
wind was intense and I stood up and I
started to lose my balance and I was
like oh shit I do not want to fall but
that's at the bottom of the state
yeah if you're ever near Utica Illinois
definitely check out star Rock Galena is
really pretty too that's out in the
northwestern corner of the state always
got a lot of nice state parks they're
not as showy is like you know Grand
Canyon or something but remember we went
to that one in the bottom of the state
and they had there was prickly pear
cactus growing atop of the bluffs that
I'm like seriously in Illinois but it's
shit soil shit soil and I guess they
liked it there
they watched Dirk Gently and they're
pretty sure one of the characters is
based on the mr. Plunkett
really they also say that they're
triggered because you said retard em hmm
and they're glad to see is playing
shantae because it's always been one of
their favorite names I hope you don't
mind that I don't know what the hell I'm
doing though especially cuz Karen played
the first part of the game before she
handed over the control I've no idea
what's going on can I go down that path
no I guess you got married in Galena
it's pretty though it's like unglaciated
Utica Utica Illinois that's where star
rock is it's on the Illinois State River
Illinois River monkey jumps on
I don't know about mermaid falls there
might be one something called that there
that said you just need to remove your
skeleton jokes they never get old
where's Jack say some Jack stuff Pokemon
Pokemon I like the pokemons pokemons
cool dooma dooma dooma dooma DUP in the
Pokemon I have a mild Pokemon story okay
for reasons I had to go buy some Star
Wars there's a garden of God metallic
Colorado this isn't that what this
wouldn't know when I go ahead are you
sure yeah you view of them big habit of
just interrupting me mid-sentence well
then for work I had to buy some smaller
stuff for work and for child I grab some
posters they had a Star Wars poster Ben
I grabbed some and when I get back here
I noticed that somebody had just thrown
apparently just thrown some Pokemon
posters over the Star Wars once fact
calf posters two of the four posters I
bought her Pokemon posters fascinating I
know the interruption kind of heightened
the anticipation for the story
originally would have been I bought some
posters into a book but no I had the
interruption and that'd be kind of thing
and well go guys I didn't reference
what's he gonna say this must be
important no no it's not
they said that you are the baseline jack
is the baseline that gives you've scale
yeah I'll agree with that
Dickson mounds navin American Museum in
Illinois check that out if I'm ever near
it
I'm soon that's in Dixon
passive-aggressive popcorn you know I've
driven by bong recreation and sniggered
at the name but I have never actually
been there
imaginal art potheads liked to hang out
there this because of the name yeah I
found out something interesting about
420 what about it it's Hitler's birthday
pop tea time is also Hitler's birthday I
guess he had to be born sometime they
want to know what Project Hornet is no
sense gobbledygook that's know nothing
might ever even come of it so don't
worry about it
sorry I guess you're Sol but thanks for
the tip if there's something basically
when there's something very concrete to
show for it you'll you hear more about
it but so you're asking if any of us
read why why do you ask
care do you hope do you want to know
about Karen Reed's religiously suppose I
read about religion lately I've been
reading about nuclear disasters so talk
about it talk about it what have you
been reading what is that book what is
it I just started it not too long ago
all right
was it cold what's a cold what's it
about where can we find it atomic
accidents it's got Amazon like
everything else it's just called atomic
accidents that's the whole name I think
so
all right good member of it is a
subtitle haven't looked at the cover but
lately but cool native bounds and bounds
in Ohio Zuko okay I have like cool
mounds how far down is Cahokia that's an
Illinois right where's that Missouri
Missouri so don't you say it bizarro
misery
good morning from the yellow and blue
people up north yellow and blue are no
aren't Canadians like red and white and
with maple leaves on them right next to
st. Louis okay
Oh favor got him staying loose again we
should stop the copia Brazil had a
pretty terrifying nuclear accident after
a chemotherapy machine like a radiation
machine like uh um like uh there was a
radiotherapy if this is the incident I'm
thinking about there was some kind of
like yeah one of those cat scan machine
radiotherapy and well the hospital was
shut down but the equipment was left
there okay some some jackass was just
breaking in the hospital messing around
and he ended up grabbing some amazing
glowing blue rocks from the cat scan
machine and he took them home and oh
yeah let me give them to my wife and
children and like oh look radium half
the family died of cancer half the
family or radiation whatever it was half
the family died hmm you saved me it took
me I mean he killed rape he was sorry
but it took a while I think they were
selling them too it was a big deal when
they had to track down the the fucking
radioactive material from the cat scan
machine if that's the incident on
thinking of
they say fuck you it's January and a
Mary knew aids not for another 34
minutes here and we said Richard karen
standard time counts
they died of karma the family didn't it
was the the Jackass husband who fucking
stole the radioactive material how do I
get that shit down there
oh the glow-in-the-dark watch faces yeah
those those have some sad stories behind
and the women who painted them no bueno
a lot of accidents are due to people
going to great lengths to ignored stable
all safety measures they are all the
family died the guy survived but died of
alcohol after many years who oh that's
the kicker if it killed everybody but
him yeah it was cesium okay cesium says
of him are you saying this is some Mead
mermaid's why this will mean stop being
mean because they have no vaginas okay
okay I can get that my legs are stuck
together I hate the world
he
your old record cleaner had polonium in
it why bottom half of a fish isn't
exactly a vagina I mean they just kind
of squirt out eggs most of them you know
external fertilization on both ends
would I rather reverse mermaid those are
in the monster party fish with legs
under eye areaa wanted to review I said
so I could just see that some kind of
Disney song with with one of the Ariel
tunes about how she wants to have a
vagina she didn't really want I wanna be
owner of us now what do you think she
wanted legs she did one leg she wanted a
vagina she wanted yeah exactly it's all
there
monkey is so cute
so amazingly cute yeah I say eggs and
legs it's not sure where I got that from
because I say pegs of eggs legs wasn't
then a woman's kind of pantyhose kind of
thing no but I mean either people tend
to say eggs and legs and I saying legs
plus it pegs eggs peg legs Ariel thought
it was better down where it's wetter
it's a whole new world
hol e you people are great sometimes you
really are yeah yeah was legs L ' EG GS
the whole family died of radiation
poisoning you had to be put in thick
graves to hide to contain the radiation
it's an order which is apparently where
does the West Coast thing there's a fair
number of people who say soda and stuff
around here but I grew up saying pop
rich you grew up singing pop people get
your snotty about it yeah what's the
sort of people who get weird about it
because I don't know who say people who
say pop are used to hearing people who
say soda and don't really care and
sometimes I might even say soda but
there's people who say soda people who
don't say pop just get all cement out of
shape about pop the same people who are
like yeah like the Packers I'm gonna be
a jackass about that for the next 20
minutes well it's like I noticed I
noticed when I worked at the Kroger
affiliated grocery store that that the
the West Coast people were all saying
trash and I'd always said garbage I
certainly knew what both meant same
thing basically yeah I've heard of that
everything is a coke and then you
specify what kind of coke do you want
7up huh pop is a child just pops just
pop it's got bubbles in it
I mean yeah it's an easy word to say but
lots of words they're easy to say dog is
easy to say I'm not sure this is a
children's game or not this is what it
being carried around by their hair are
they're getting they're getting their
made parts stuck on their bottom laughs
the fish are like attaching to them and
eating their vaginas
oh it's canine I'm sorry canid Oh
cow cur mongrel mutt yes some people do
say soda bub and I'm okay with that
it's an artificial mermaid Factory maybe
they said this shouldn't shouldn't eat
something with a face on it so they're
eating the other half of her
it does have some sexual imagery but I
think it's mostly it would mostly go
over kids heads yeah I think okay so
fishes eating is attaching to their
lower body okay fish is eating them okay
there's a fish stuck on them all right
they wouldn't think about it being
sexual that's kind of cute
what are they attached with or their
arms bound behind their heads I think so
they want to know if she goes supernova
when she dies sure why not
Oh froggy I mean uh excuse me monkey I
gotta figure out what to do I don't know
what to do
Oh even can't hidden grab those I didn't
know that alright riding around the
other side maybe maybe she can - there's
curious how do you turn into a monkey
that's what it dances
what else can she whoop screamin oh well
probably other things as you progress if
I had to guess she's gonna be able to
turn into a mermaid this said it's rated
teen despite having nearly nude women in
them oh whatever
well so does a package of that cells
Barbie dolls lots of things have nearly
nude women in them hey rich here's a
good question what movies rated G and PG
back in the day do you think would be
rated pg-13 and are today gremlins would
be an are today Indiana Jones Temple of
Doom would be an art today Robocop might
be an nc-17
airplane basically I think the movies
that started pg-13
would probably be are today because
pg-13 is lost off its my pg-13 is
there's no stupid pants a poltergeist is
a good choice
what does poltergeist Raider well at 13
I think maybe that before
pg-13 was the thing pg-13 wasn't a thing
until like 84 85 the Temple of Doom and
gremlins kind of led to the creation of
pg-13 unless I'm understanding this
completely wrong what was Empire Strikes
Back that's G I think she imagined or PG
probably PG he does get his hand cut off
yeah lots of people get killed by lasers
admittedly kind of bloodless it seems
weird that that would bother somebody to
murder no problem I saw those movies as
a kid and yesterday of course I also saw
Texas Chainsaw Massacre 1 & 2 repeatedly
what's my goal where are we going
didn't Beetlejuice have a couple fun to
start I don't know I don't think
Beetlejuice has any fucks in it it's got
a whorehouse but I don't think it has
any fucks it I think he grabs a woman's
boobs doesn't he yeah once again it's
not a fuck but what is it pg-13 you get
to say one swear one wonder you get one
fuck I think I think so oasis nice
fucking model supposedly Wendy's looking
at the houses yeah you're right
all right what are we doing what about
what is our goal you know how can
anybody make 13 without hearing the word
fuck about 8 million times okay all
right thank you
pulses poltergeist was our until the
filmmakers argued it down to PG it's you
know potentially scary somebody rips his
face off it's not it ends up being not
real but somebody rips his own face off
and pulled her geist have you ever
watched this movie not rated yet heard
of I don't haven't seen it yeah he
knocks the tree over and the noxes max's
honks his wanker that movie he's just
such a good dirty old man ghost huh
that was a kid I was upset he wasn't in
the movie more he knows the movies
because the movie was called Beetlejuice
but he's he's hardly in it what it's
about the two new guys know but it's
called Beetlejuice then when I was a kid
I still like the movie that used to
drive me nuts
like I wanted more Beetlejuice
twenty two minutes until Chicago shoots
guns into the into the air instead of
that people so yay I've never seen much
of that yeah
really depends on where you are people
have this idea that these Tigers Chicago
was just horrid all the time
car goes it's not Chicago is gangs but
it's it's it's not Hickey no I think
they mean like like getting people
shooting they do that for New Year's the
game people do that people definitely
shoot guns into the air but they do does
that gang thing is that a common gang
thing I don't think that it is
especially I don't know when the Cubs
won there were people shooting guns all
the time yet probably although all those
illegal sub fans yeah although the the
biggest Cub fan neighborhoods aren't
probably the biggest gang member
neighborhoods but doesn't mean the
people might not have guns the story of
the guy who played the dad was more
scary than Beetlejuice himself was the
actor do something scary oh that guy the
night Chicago died paper lace that's an
old song so here's my question exactly
Jenny Jenny Kerr of course then so my a
Sox fan here's my question is winning
the World Series the worst thing that
could have happened to the Cubs time
will tell is it the worst thing that
happened lovable losers the Goat curse
yep
their whole culture is based around
being losers what the fuck'd Cubs fans
do now I don't know my dad's just me
watching watching reruns of their games
but go well now they have to work on
their whole identity is just nothing
what's a dynasty once once let's you
know times gone by and the team is bad
again because you know that team stays
good forever no
yeah but they got but you know they
could potentially win more than one in a
row they've thrown away their legacy I'm
not kidding I think I think winning the
World Series in the long run might be
the worst thing that happened to the
Cubs enough in a hundred years they're
asking if you can knock the fish off the
woman with your hair whip nope nope nope
oh these guys suck there's also still
the Cleveland Indians who now have the
longest drought
that Cubs ticket prices win or lose have
always been pretty high although we did
manage to get three decent seats for 17
bucks a pop of StubHub but that was few
hours before game time on a Tuesday
afternoon they see it's nice weather
though that was a couple years back
oh there are definitely teams that have
never won a pennant yeah but they have
been around that long
like expansion team like 50 years sure
you want to know why snakes have boobs
in this game other snakes with boobs I
guess I'm looking at this way too much
let's just flat out snake more than it
wasn't like a snake woman an alligator
with a construction hat helmet they're
hard at that wasn't the ever mentioned
snake woman oh god damn it this is a
cute section I like this yeah this is a
section it reminds me the Amazon
warehouse one miles and miles and miles
of Rolly conveyor belt
Oh God stick large and the chances maybe
they are cobras oh yes oh yes this is
what do we got here totally adorbs as
the children say I might say I don't
know what she would say gobbledygook hey
guys I just had gallbladder surgery
yesterday have you had any operations
just curious your stream is helping me
with the pain thanks really the closest
I've ever had was I had an ingrown
toenail removed you had a kidney stone -
it didn't have to be operated
operational she doesn't enjoy it that
was just pain medicine that's what that
was and eventually it leaves the only
the only operation I've ever had
it was dental surgery I had I had an
extra tooth inside my jaw and they had
to let go inside and screw around with
that and then I also had four wisdom
teeth extracted I didn't have wisdom
teeth surgically cuz they were like yeah
buried us fuck
but I've never had you know abdominal
surgery it doesn't sound like much fun I
hope you heal soon and then there's a
also a message
let me see if I can whoopsies trying to
stream up her scroll up this time it's
lupus look at the Boston Red Sox they
won in 2004 breaking their 86 year
cursed and they had the same lovable
futility and their DNA as the Cubs did
the Red Sox are fine and so will the
Cubs be the Reds the Red Sox are always
going to have a ton of funding because
it's like them in the Yankees the Red
Sox East Coast people seem to care
the Red Sox lamented losing the Cubs
reveled in losing well the wisdom teeth
extraction I mean I'm sure your mileage
varies I think it's supposedly easier if
you haven't chewed on them yet but on
the other hand mine needed to be dug out
of completely out of the bone but the
answer is no it wasn't very painful I
was awake for it and I was just numb to
the high heavens with a whole bunch of
novocaine and afterwards it just feels
like a lot more less pain and more like
a lot of pressure in your jaw bone for a
couple days jack feels and you put ice
on it and take your medicine and try to
sleep as much as you can and it's not
that bad I know exactly how I feel so as
I was saying before I was so rudely
interrupted I was like like what your
Boston with your Red Sox I was like oh
the ball Bill Buckner the ball oh that
was horrible oh god that Bill Buckner
and we should have one comes maybe next
year it's the goat this different
culture look I guess I swerved it comes
reveled in it you didn't have any wisdom
teeth that makes you lucky
and yes supposedly humans are evolving
out of it having them but at this point
I think the evolutionary pressure you
know very few people die of their wisdom
teeth these days maybe in the third
world so we're probably thought oh my
god that's us should having them and our
great great grandchildren have them too
but if you don't have them it's probably
for the best
yeah Duke if you've got dental insurance
you know get them taken out and you'd
this person for the wisdom teeth and
nine other adult teeth yeah that sucks
too
I was born with with an extra tooth that
caused the log jam with one of my baby
teeth or Adele T there's something I
don't know I had besides the besides the
wisdom teeth thing I had a little log
jam going up in my jaw that they had to
surgically fixed and put braces on to
make room for shit to move down I
thought you're gonna sing for a second
no I don't have an extra chromium that I
know of
it was born with an extra chromosome I
mean you know don't know about any
mosaicism but I'm pretty sure I'm
genetically normal other than that well
you know Binding of Isaac that's Jack's
game now get your wisdom teeth out
sooner rather than later because they
have a tendency to your parents your
parents are rich and and and you've your
parents are doctors get the teeth taken
out sooner rather than later it's not
going to get easier it's not gonna get
cheaper the recovery is not gonna get
easier later on get it done now before
they start causing shit and my my advice
for her after you have your wisdom teeth
taken out as mashed potatoes
seriously ice cream is not satisfying
most liquid diet things are not
satisfying but overcooked macaroni and
cheese or potatoes they'll stick with
you you won't be hungry again two
minutes later and you don't need to chew
yeah the dentist kind of has to get you
in a headlock couple the hooks it's hard
physical work to get those teeth out
he's got to get a hold of your head so
we can get some leverage righteousness
yes some people do have big enough jaws
and sometimes it works out fine but most
people don't have enough room for all
their wisdom teeth to be a be our
protein shakes are a good idea too
mashed potatoes stick with you
yeah take the sedative yeah rich and a
dry socket you had a dry socket when you
had your tooth done right think so what
does that even mean ways they call the
dry socket it's infected right just what
it means right yeah it's it's one I
think it's when the blood clot comes out
before it's healed
you see you have health boots on the
pause screen
all right I don't I don't know if those
respond so I'm gonna destroy a couple of
locks before I use one
in our timezone we have 10 minutes the
rich and care and timezone is is central
CST
his central time represent nine minutes
oh she hasn't done that one before
I'm fucked well what well I need to go
the bathroom but I think I'm gonna wait
another nine minutes so it could be a
Happy New Year P oh my god
that's worthy of my father my dad tells
one of my buns horrible Derek's horribly
horrible chairs
that's that does not sound like fun
whatever does it's three years of braces
getting bone grafts and then upwards of
seven screws in his jaw or her jaw he or
she is it sounds like congenitally
missing some teeth a lot of teeth
idgaf you-you-you says I don't give a
fuck you or something says they were at
the red fair the same day as us oh
you're one of those people that we saw
the the first the last day of the Ren
Faire or the other time we went a few
weeks before that they're not gonna know
what trip of ours it was well I mean was
it the very last day of the Ren Faire or
was that because we went on the very
last day and then we also went there a
few weeks before that send a tip not
sure if it went through oh wait wait
wait
yeah come camo camo shimla my label
camomile able heyguys was wondering if
rich had ever played arks fate Alice no
fantastic RPG I know he's huge the fan
but I think he might enjoy it it's on
sale now two for $2 so here's a $2 tip
like they gave you money to buy it I was
nice dad jokes are the best jokes I'm I
need to figure out if I'm ever gonna go
back to XCOM after that devastating loss
I had last night that's what I need to
figure out that's you're like the kid
from stranger things sort of he had what
a cranial cranial something displays
your cranial ideal plight Oh cranial
dysplasia
I think they're all just rating the
boobs of this character they like the
jiggle physics yeah no no it's physics
it's jiggle nation yeah
whatever the day richness twitch stream
right after I'm not sure I'm not sure
about we did go we did end up going
twice this year and should I tell them
why good because I forgot I bought the
tickets but I forgot him at home the
first time so we bought tickets and
we're like well we got to come back to
use the other tickets so we ended up
going here we're like we got a compact
yeah yeah yeah cuz I can be a complete
space cadet sometimes hey Don Cho
so you just they just everything else
find the teeth just didn't come in that
blows or the baby teeth in was it like a
surprise man that sucks
11:54 she is so anime looking she's so
enemy looking yet everybody's dressed
like it's like tropical
well I got a hit in here
I'm about to find out
we'll be there the last Sunday we'll be
there on Labor Day I can't even remember
the first time ever been there twice in
one year it was pretty sweet although
the second time there were a lot a lot a
lot of crowds it's made a little hard to
move I don't think was wisdom teeth can
make you look like the Elephant Man they
could possibly cause your other teeth to
shift a little bit become crowded but I
don't think you're ever gonna turn into
like a warthog or something oh this is
gonna take forever
I gotta find like a countdown timer let
me see here wait this have a countdown
timer should I use my animal crossing
account of course I'm not sure if that
one's completely accurate let me open up
another window this got a countdown what
time
excuse me Google Chrome
hmm I'll just do it on my Chromebook
here three minutes is it three minutes I
gotta find you mean one sec I got to
find time here
okay right now the official US time is
11 o'clock 57 minutes 42 seconds
p.m.
okay
so how much how much health does this
thing have is that the other half of the
one you were fighting before yeah
she's fighting you with our ass it'll
enter her head in her glowing head ball
yeah man my dad had like a wisdom uh uh
a molar taken out when he was a kid and
his wisdom tooth just kind of popped
more or less in the right spot nobody
say that wisdom teeth can never be
useful but if the dentist says to take
him out that probably caused me a
problem if they hurt they're probably
causing you a problem
they say that you should quickly take
shelter in her enormous cleavage guru
11:59 and 12 seconds
it is close 20 35 seconds okay
I rich 20 seconds ready for a counter
nine eight seven six five four two
