Apr 2, 2017
Catacomb Kids, Magicka
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ctR09tOERRk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0yVI6gqqpE
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/848620529816829953

[Part I]
why we gotta give it a moment okay I can
realize that again that it's uh I also
should get a controller you you do what
you will do what I will how we doing
tonight soon all right you know what
doing all right you don't have got a
chance to do today what which I haven't
had a chance to do in a while yeah play
some horizon zero dawn okay having a
pretty good time a little got a little
further in the story finally figuring
out you know what exactly happened where
I'm from it's great I I had a a full day
last yesterday I don't have time to do
much of anything it's a shame you
weren't there jack i jason using
pictures you you would have had a lot
the same oh yeah about then of course
there is the picture is not amazing I
can't I can't believe it did he say how
that happened
I called who instigated my second thing
that caused the thing that happen thing
that caused the thing I called you it
was you know what there's so many things
we can't tell me about I know but hey
you know some things we can't tell you
about happy April Fool's Day everyone
oh that was that was yesterday that was
yesterday but you know what they finally
got to see the the greatest the greatest
review ever of horse ninja I just have
no interest in playing Mass Effect
Andromeda not even name not even for the
views and rich good tag about Matt I
don't want to talk about Mass Effect
I've washed my hands of that I am so mad
they made her other one I mean couldn't
they didn't they realize that they
fucked it so bad that they didn't need
they they shouldn't make another one
didn't realize that Oh God
what are you playing what am i what am i
plant
I am playing catacomb weight just can
also be hit from afar oh I see I'm
playing catacomb kids which is a game I
did not know was in alpha I forget why
or how I picked this up but yeah it's
been in the back of my head now just for
selling oh hey remember to play catacomb
kids and of course we've had a bunch of
episodes to do we've got a bunch of
longer games to play so I haven't had a
chance to play catacomb kids yet and say
hey we're talking about we're talking
about stream and it's like oh yeah but
it's an alpha so we're also not quite
sure if we're going to be able to play
it for very long so you know that's what
we got
now you fucked up that role Jack how did
you pay one ghost huh you become a ghost
oh no I know you know you look blue I
thought you would become a ghost there
there's a ghost tell me what to do a
role looking mitigates all damage look
at this that's pretty great that's
pretty great and so yeah this is kind of
one of those games right up Jack's alley
what this one it's one of those games
that that is all about that Jack is all
about what area there's a little ghost
that tells me what to do
person in the chat I have I have no idea
how Mass Effect can still be your
favorite universe no idea Mass Effect to
me is the place where I was on a fun
epic space adventure and then when once
I finally got to the last act of the
space adventure of us I was forced to
agree morally and philosophically with
the enemy I had been fighting throughout
the entire epic adventure and then I was
I was given no other option but to
horrific Lee and gruesomely kill myself
I was forced to commit suicide by the
game that is not a universe I want to
spend any more time in
and I'm gonna get all the stock out of
the way now so it's done for the rest of
the stream and for the save your life
the rest of no yeah cuz this is gonna
make another one but it was that was art
Jack you know being forced to side with
your enemy and kill yourself that was
deep fuckin fuckin fuckin best things
since Star Trek was ruined because two
fucking jackasses wanted to pretend they
were deep artists Star Trek oh oh yeah
though the best you you called it one of
your favorite sci-fi universe Star Trek
where war was like a very real option
they weren't they weren't all high and
mighty he was the it was a war and
violence was an option yeah
Star Trek with violence and with with
Star Wars as adventure that's what Mass
Effect was the depth of the depths of
Star Trek yeah only with violence that
sounds great that sounds great art
equals shit no pretend art is shit when
somebody wants to feel like they're deep
and they make all the wrong decisions
that's not art that's somebody
pretending they're deep yeah
Mass Effect 3 was a jackass to jag asses
with a the fucking bighead is what that
was there was there was nothing actually
relevant or artistic or wise or smart
about what they did nothing was that a
real copy of Mass Effect Andromeda that
I destroyed yes
also if you watch the whole thing I also
destroyed Mass Effect 3 Mass Effect 2
and Mass Effect 1 yes somebody in the
chat was wise enough to realize that
those were my actual copies of the
fucking games
yeah then they they had an edit but I
noticed that
Mass Effect 2 and one were the Xbox
versions so that's probably word that
was fake
no it wasn't when Mass Effect first when
I first discovered Mass Effect I didn't
know it was even on PC oh oh sure sure
so after after two came out there's a
lot of ads and I was like you know what
what's this hi Paul about I'll get
myself a used copy of Mass Effect one
and I didn't know it was on PC so I went
to the game store and I got a used copy
of the Xbox 360 version
oh so my first playthrough of of Mass
Effect one or two was on the 360 so
those were the actual discs I played
that I cut up right those were your the
one one two and three were my copies
yeah I couldn't destroy the the copies I
eventually got on PC for one or two once
I found out they weren't basically
getting digital again you can't do that
but of those that was me just shredding
my my old copies
I'm so sorry what I play it if it
weren't attached to mass effective over
just called Andromeda and its own thing
I don't trust Bioware like at all and I
don't know why anybody would it would
increase the chances but I hate I hate
that company but I would I would I swear
off playing Mass Effect Andromeda if it
if it weren't attached to the Mass
Effect series because you know they
fucked up so bad with Mass Effect 3 yeah
that they had to set the game that just
came out in trauma 2
in an entirely different fucking galaxy
that's how badly they fucked up you
could very easily make it its own thing
mhm yeah I would assume I haven't
actually played the games that have been
called Mass Effect you could you call it
you know starship Andromeda there's
nothing to do with Mass Effect at all
it's entirely different universe right
okay I'm with you I know the odds of my
playing and go up but I I don't trust
Bioware at all oh yeah just them as a
company yeah yeah oh yeah you can't
trust them
what made Mass Effect 1 and or two so
good uh it was a damn fine science
fiction universe and they really made
you feel like you were in that universe
you weren't you know even when you were
they did a good job of masking it you
weren't going on the linear story you
weren't going on a fucking Naughty Dog
movie they put you in the universe what
are you gonna do what decisions are you
gonna make commando did this person
never die so it was it was a good
well-thought-out science fiction
universe interesting alien racism
interesting alien cultures they paid a
lot of attention to like hard science
and the first one specifically the first
one they were they wanted to be a feel
as plausible as they could with with
their with their techno babble okay and
this is very deep and interesting stuff
and now it's universe I don't want to
step foot it again what was the point in
Mass Effect 3 when I realized it's pure
shit contrary to what a lot of people
say it was great except for the ending
no no one when you get to the the the
lame-ass plot device the the Deus Ex
machinima machinery how does the actual
saying there's God in the machine a yes
machina the desk there's an actual dais
market uh we found plans for a magical
machine that will save everyone that's
what I was like oh they really didn't
have any idea how to resolve this so
like right off the fucking bat mm-hmm
and like I said Mass Effect wanted to
like that made you feel like you were in
the universe you had a voice in you what
were you they took that away they
because they rushed that out the door as
quickly as they could like your dialogue
options
it's all so gutted every every every
like once or twice in a conversation
you get to choose to say something and
it's like yes or no God some aspect 3
was garbage from the start you only like
that game if you masturbated over Tali
because they they paid a lot of
attention to the subplots and they
didn't give a fuck at all about the main
story they had been dealing with for
three games they didn't give a fuck
about that enough with the Mass Effect
ranting I am getting it out of the
fucking way
and if you like Mass Effect and you're
mad because I'm ranting about it
fuck you and now I am done everyone can
be every way it's all our systems ok
somebody shows up late tell them to
watch the fucking stream from the
beginning
great that seems reasonable
that seems reasonable rich you got it
it's all done now yeah this is this game
it all interesting so far I'm still
learning how it works in some of the
some of the what he calls some of the
user interface is a little clumsy cuz
obviously it's an it's in a very early
alpha stage like beta for most of that
Mass Effect talk I was just trying to
figure out how to open a chest that's
this that's the wise course of action
yes but I like the jack what
so I figured out how to open the chest
so we're good okay so we're getting
there I think we're getting there
can we consider Electronic Arts to be
morally bankrupt this has been just like
obvious for over a decade that's just
not a question what would you like to
know about the horse ninja movie
Richard quite a bit louder than Jack
that's always the case
yeah is barley bankrupt water is went
you know what you're asking here you
know I got what are the morals of
business right which I feel like is a
pretty silly question or a pretty silly
thing to like bitch about ei makes money
people keep giving them money at some
point it's no longer EA's thing it's our
thing
yeah it is Michael Bay a morally
bankrupt filmmaker no cuz he sees he
makes the movies he makes and they I
make money like you know yeah but I also
get the feeling that that he's making
the movies he likes to though yeah yeah
that's probably true he is worrying
about how they could screw you with
microtransactions sure they're not doing
what they love
hangri fuck over our consumers
hello so what's what's the deal with the
the supposed Sheldon breath of the wild
dlc ohai so you know what I saw a little
bit of that because there's so little on
the switch news page that came out looks
like we're getting a new some new
temples small ones are big temples and
when when Jack when I don't know as I
don't know
I don't know why anything okay oh I'm
stuck now mister oh I took a pose that
potion and it's killing me summer in
winter that's very vague it's very vague
so there's more than more than one big
thing we're getting there's two
announced DLCs one DLC as a whole is a
is an entire dungeon and I think it's
like more story how weird to get a Zelda
game with DLC it is yeah feels weird
yeah
now even Nintendo has fallen to the DLC
monster yeah what's wrong with this face
it's got a mask on we are we are
currently still figuring this game out
and by we I mean me
stop talking about those horrible
Nintendo games I only have a PC I will
never be able to play them does this
game have randomly generated levels Jack
yes this is indeed a roguelike randomly
generated levels randomly generated all
sorts of shit but the kid is that no
idea torch old hand sauces hello jack
and wrench I recently watched the entire
Mass Effect Andromeda review Jack how
long did that take to edit I haven't
seen anything that action-packed since
Marvel's iron fist
oh snap oh snap yeah we shot that if you
guys remember last Wednesday there was a
moment in which rich said hey mute the
microphones for a second I have an idea
so rich came up with the idea last week
Wednesday we filmed it two birds with
one stone was what it was we filmed it
on Thursday night very late there's in
it actually if you pay close attention
you will see me not off for a little bit
not joking I was unnaturally tired
Thursday night and you know I couldn't
do anything and so like every once in a
while you'll see my eyes close and like
snap away cuz I was nodding asleep
edited and did it it on Friday did not
take very long we did shoot a couple
different alternate endings and really
had to you know I had to stitch together
that beginning a little bit yeah all in
all I think it took more time to import
export and upload to YouTube than it did
to edit yeah like it yeah but it was
long so long so long
thaddicus says many thanks for a good
April Fool's prank
especially horse ninja Mass Effect
Andromeda destruction was something I
did not anticipate but you did it and I
commend you for your bravery bravery
wasn't brave Washington it was washing
my hands is what that was but pooper out
of the button says one red letter media
more like bed wetter media lol - do you
ever get sad when you write something
funny knowing you'll hear fans repeat it
back to you poorly
50 million times three waffles or
pancakes it's not like it's not like
writing something a lot of the shit we
say is just spur of the moment just
shall we say yeah usually usually the
ones that are quoted or something that
we came up with on the spur of the
moment usually
yeah like I think I think the birth of
pizza rolls was Mike was was recording
the review and he stopped to make
himself a snack he just stopped to make
himself some pizza rolls and that made
it into the recording and he ran with it
really I I would I haven't asked him but
I would almost certainly bet that's all
that happened I was really funny that is
very and I think I asked him once and
that was more or less confirmed I'm and
I'm not gonna say 100% sure my memory
could be faulty
anyone catch the Rick and Morty premiere
do they do a April Fool's thing they did
an April Fool's thing that it was an
actual overcome Morty episode really
yeah
on April Fool's so they did an on April
Fool's they did they did a reverse a
tape repairs now is this an appetizer
order this new season actually start
that's the first I've heard about it oh
yeah yeah I figured you'd be all about
it I was only yesterday I just didn't
hear about it I spent I spent mostly
yesterday at work oh sure that's true
good shit to do you yeah you had shit to
do yesterday
one hot
what
what on the contrary the April Fool's
with that there was that there was no
Samurai Jack I got super pissed even
though the Rick and Morty episode was
great
oh they they replaced Sam right okay
Eric how interesting man / Fool's April
Fool's no Samurai Jack what April Fool's
Rick and Morty yeah remember is the best
thing it's fine Samurai Jack might be
fine it might be great Rick amorites the
best thing
I hold no ill will towards Rick and
Morty she doesn't never haven't got into
it you watch a few right I watched the
whole first season and you're not blown
away by how I'm just fucking great it is
it's fine it's it's perfectly fine like
I get why people like it it's just to me
it wasn't the most spectacular thing
ever I'm not a huge fan of their kind of
improv their way through the scenes plus
you're not as cynical as I am as a very
cynical show you cynical shot no and
it's funny like I think it's good you
know it's a good show it's fine
I'm not a huge fan of their loose improv
their way through style
I hate Rick I get it that it's part of
his character but the fact that he burps
every 12 seconds really annoys me it
really annoys me I don't like it so shit
it's I'm sure it's fine it's a good show
it's just not it's not my thing it's not
mine
I I will say that I haven't liked the
inter-dimensional TV I'm fully almost
fully improv episodes as much as some
people not that I hate them by any means
sure sure yeah you know it's just
yeah I'm not I'm not saying I'm not
saying I I actively dislike it just not
my thing
huh farted says Jack what my kids have
been listening to your hey hey he he
song any chance of a sequel also I'm
assuming you were a band kid what
instrument did you play a band kid no
not a band kid I certainly was not a
band kid look what music do you do what
music do i what what what instruments
are you proficient in oh I was that's
gonna poison me I'm sure I was in a band
for a moment yeah for I say for a moment
for several years I was in a band and I
played the bass guitar fuck I also I
started playing in bands playing the
drums actually I think I might have told
this story I lied mmm there was a
someone who wanted to start a band and
was talking to me and they played guitar
yeah and and they said they needed a
drummer and I said oh I'm a drummer you
know like I had been like a near a drum
kit before kind of near a drum kit
before uh-huh but and he's like let's
get together like this weekend and and
you know starting to start a band and I
was like oh I can't I just broke my
drumset so it's gonna take me a little
bit to replace my drugs and he's no
problem and once you get a drum set
we'll be in a band I was like alright
great and so I started saving every
single nickel and dimed to buy the
cheapest goddamn drum set possible in
high school and and we started a band at
this guy not knowing oh my god he wasn't
great either because he didn't notice
and then I was in bands with that guy
for for 10 years yeah so any obviously
we became very good friends and I told
him later of course that oh yeah I never
really
to play his drums I thought something
was funny but but yeah so I started
playing the drums and I'm a pretty
alright drummer I can drum okay I can
keep a good beat I keep good time but
then I played the bass and I really
enjoyed playing the bass guitar yeah
yeah and and so I played bass guitar in
rock bands for 810 years and it was
great I had a great time this game looks
for like boring uh I haven't figured it
out yet so I'm gonna say yeah I think I
figured out a big important mechanic is
throwing things at things is really
important new episode of Star Trek
continues came out today I'll have to
look into that Star Trek continues I
guess should explain that a lot of
people who don't know is the
fantastically made Star Trek the
original series fan show they do their
own episodes of Star Trek TOS oh I think
you showed that before yes
the acting is almost all bad though the
once you get used to his voice the guy
who does Kirk is actually really good at
doing Kirk obviously not quite the same
voices William Shatner but he uses it
sure sure yeah you know you know great
Kirky way in a very Kirk you he says
things like Kirk would did
ah it's not the one with miss
Mythbusters grant yes and he's he's
horrible
he is absolutely horrible Grant Imahara
s Sulu
oh he's all terrible acts terrible he's
a terrible actor but they got my god I
forget it Scotty son or grandson oh yeah
yeah that's funny because doin was
having some kids at a very old age that
was the son oh yeah son okay well good
for him Oh
look if Star Trek continues is still
going good for them I don't know how
they got around the whole @xr thing with
paramount putting the clamp down after
Star Trek antics are the the would be
fan film that was stupid enough to some
merchandise crowdfunded themselves no
fucking shitload of money yeah
maybe sitting in have their own film
studio to make a Star Trek fan felt like
a Chris first fucking paramount had to
come down with the hammer oh yeah and I
don't blame them one bit
cuz you know that's ours you can't take
our thing they're not making money it
might be okay they're selling
merchandise
if Paramount Pictures is also selling
merchandise and they are they're
competing with paramount with paramount
intellectual property yes that's that's
it like that's number the number one
thing they're even if there's some
bullshit about well we're only funding
the the movie with the virgin whatever
no you can't you can't do that yeah
totally illegal
totally illegal even for rich who's kind
of like in the in the gray area of
what's illegal and stuff no I mean to
continue you guys yeah they're they're
skirting the line
there's curtain I think they've had
Kickstarter's like raised money for like
the sets Oh have they I mean I love Star
Trek continues but if Paramount wanted
to crack down on bad and it I'd be
tragic I wouldn't blame them
right right I would not blame them I
would be sad but I would get it burning
burning burning dead annex our guys
wanted to sell to Netflix Oh God what Oh
God
yeah no yes yeah one point does it say
okay all right see even even even those
fan productions like Star Trek continues
they're doing like Kickstarter's they
weren't they weren't trying to make a
shitload of money they're trying to stay
under the radar
right right an excerpt
they kind of forced Paramount's hand
alright Anonymous's hey Jack thanks for
talking about the ps4s button rebinding
a while back that one cheap from a pawn
shop for an exclusive or two and
rebinding makes the transition from PC a
bit easier yeah yeah are you going you
don't backwards well but how I'll see
you gonna play blood-borne right yeah
but you're talking about a transition
you're going backwards well but to play
blood-borne or you know sunrise in if
that's your thing or if some of the
other ps4 exclusives they still want to
transition I get it I get it
I'm with you poop dick 50 79 cents with
horizon zero dawn and Zelda breath of
the wild behind you and you know what
being cut into pieces by rich are there
any future games you're excited for or a
Zelda slash at Comic cetera going to get
more play time for me he's always gonna
get some more play time yeah I'm shocked
you're still playing Zelda and you know
just today I was I was telling or at the
start of the stream I was telling rich
that I finally today I got a chance to
dig a little deeper into horizon I am
gonna finish that game at least the
story of the game mhm and so I got a
little further in the story and I'm one
I'm one Powercore away from getting the
super battle armor I just got to find
that one last Power Core which I think
is in this next story mission and so I'm
really excited about that after I beat
horizons you're done I actually don't
really I don't know what I'm gonna do
what's upcoming what's upcoming I know
we didn't do a review on near we did
stream it we did stream it that looks
fun enough I have nothing against near
that's what I got from here I might want
to do something that's not open-world
this or that you know that would be
super nice there's something something a
little bit less epic I think is what I'm
in the mood for that what do you think
part of my decision to play catacomb
kids was right right can I just have
like one like game that doesn't have
infinite endings just looking for
looking for a sample game at the moment
did we see did you see as I know I've
seen a leaked footage leaked still
images of Klingons from Star Trek
discovery
I have not they look terrible oh do they
they don't look like Klingons and all
they look like some kind of Lizard Men
they're changing things for the sake of
changing them and well I can acknowledge
that something like that is just
cosmetic
the Klingons had a very iconic look
going on why why would you want to
change that it doesn't make any fucking
sense right right
I crush these guys with Baltar's I
should be able to crush these guys at
boulders
we don't know those are actually
Klingons I that's the speculation them
and I know that's the photo that was
they were asking about and that's that's
how I feel if those are supposed to be
Klingons and from what I've heard about
somebody leaving the show I forgive his
name one of the producers left the show
because they were doing stupid changes
like that but it didn't take fans like
yeah it sounds it sounds like it was a
point of contention gotcha gotcha oh
that's too bad
it's gotta look just kind of a more
future heed it's gotta look like this ha
ha ha
20% 20% more future that's why we got a
Klingon ship that's probably gonna look
like a Michael Bay transformer oh I'm
sorry that's not a better pray what the
showrunner left the show who was it was
a Brian fuller Brian fuller the Bryan
Fuller who loved the show I don't know
who Brian fuller now okay what has he
done other Star Trek's what has he done
what has he done
what does Brian fuller done because I'm
an idiot big fancy TV shows what which
shows that he'd work on for fuck's sake
big fancy TV shows
Hannibal yeah oh he did Hannibal okay I
know I know a lot of people love
Hannibal oh yeah Pushing Daisies that
was the one I was trying to think the
name of didn't think it'd cancel like
well lots of shows get cancelled
yeah but then dad like get cancelled
super early on dead like me
ah dead like me yeah that kind of
cancelled super early huh Joe Kitty
double-o one says hey guys just want to
throw a little something your way to say
thanks for the hours free entertainment
well thank you Joe kitty Joe kitty yes
Joe kitty go double O one the first Joe
kitty oh yeah
tell Jack that Brian fuller started on
Deep Space nine and Voyager oh that
doesn't mean a whole lot to me because
I'm not a big deep space 9 er
deep space 9 is fine I don't know yeah
you you like it I know I'm just not a
big deep space Niner Niner I'm sorry is
that a Niner did you throw a Niner in
there Voyager's the one that's ass most
of the time yes well whoa what the fuck
potion yeah Voyager is is a lot of ass
there's a lot of acid Voyager and not
the good kind the smelly kind that kind
of start can where sanitation tsa's
watched Great Wall with Matt Damon it
starts as epic fantasy and then it
becomes fast in the Furious medieval
China huh can you think of any movies
that have a drastic tonal shift like
that I'd have to sit down and think
about it I probably could not not off
the top of my damn head though drastic
tonal shift yeah partway through there's
things like like slaughter hi I was
gonna say like or aftermath remember
that yeah yeah aftermath route that had
like three tones I can think it shitty
best of the worst movies that have done
that but yeah real movies it's harder to
think of because you know they're
supposed to be real movies
oh yeah Star Trek discovery is dead on
arrival I think it's a bit early to say
that it there might be some ugly design
choices that doesn't mean the show's
gonna be ass right no no I see a lot of
people mentioning adaptation as having a
harsh tonal shift do you see that
adaptation with sub Being John Malkovich
I do not see adaptation oh and so I
won't spoil it for you because you
should see it it's very good movie look
at the harsh tonal shift and adaptation
very deliberate it's done like it might
have been because like adaptation is
supposed to be this adaptation of a
novel of Magnolia thieves yeah but what
it turns into is an adaptation of Lloyd
Kaufman's writing process of writing the
adaptation to a book about Magnolia
themes okay okay and it's great it's a
great movie and and for the third act
there is a super pull the handbrake 180
tonal shift that makes complete sense in
this story whether or not like that was
the intention from the start of the
adaptation is up for debate but it makes
so much sense in the story that it is
fantastic fantastically done adaptations
third axis meta it's oh it's it's great
it's crazy it's crazy
- metaphor me bruh sorry man sorry sorry
that it's too metaphor you get in on it
get in on the meta man distr says
speaking of question Italy questionably
legal fan shows but if you guys heard of
team four star and/or DBZ abridged do
you have any thoughts I have no interest
in the Dragon Balls and no thoughts
they're assuming DBZ is a reference to
Dragon Ball
I would assume as though and I have no
idea what team four star is great
neither do i I'm with you I'm assuming
I'm assuming DBZ abridged and it's the
entire series down at edits the the slow
standing around before the fights out
and and the entire series is 25 minutes
long once you don't want to trim all the
fat out feeds the entire they're like
three seasons or 25 minutes long yeah
yeah
which I suppose could be funny but I'm
not not attached enough the show
probably they really appreciated your
clothes it also dubs it with funnier
dialogue okay okay I might I might not
get a lot of the jokes cuz I don't know
the show that well if they're
referencing things I would know in the
show
have you seen any cool documentaries
lately
you seen any cool documentaries no I saw
one that went on way too long I was at
Expo of the whites aside forgot what I
was called was about the the White City
Expo in Chicago okay
18 was a 1893 World Fair
I'm narrated by Gene Wilder interesting
subject matter but doubles fuck
documentary oh that's too bad
not one mention of HH Holmes really yeah
you know what you don't even know what
the fuck I'm referring to by the way HH
Holmes sounds very familiar okay okay go
ahead the 19 the 1893 World's Fair okay
it's a follow-up to the like the 1889
Paris World Fair where they actually
unveiled the fucking Eiffel Tower oh
okay that's a tough act to follow
it was a tough act to follow but they
tried and they they may have succeeded
even though they didn't get a lasting
monument out of it it's fairly famous
they they built like this mini little
city in what used to be a swamp in
Chicago okay lots of white buildings
beautiful architecture canals and like
hundreds of thousands of people went to
this thing like a day and it was a big
deal at the time okay and HH Holmes was
a serial killer who when the fair was
coming to Chicago he had himself he
built a murder motel he had a motel bill
that had like secret passages and like
rooms he could flood with gas and
torture rooms and places to hide bodies
and throughout the length of the fair he
was he was he was taking girls who had
come into town to see the fair and he
was he was horrific Lee killing them in
his murder motel that he had built
specifically for the fair not one
mention of this man
the documentary about the 1893 World's
Fair well that's probably not something
that you want to talk about that's
probably a point of there I have
Carrodus tell me they're making a movie
about it oh yeah I want to see it just
so I can see a a pot of Hollywood's take
on what the fair looked like cuz it
burnt down like just like a month or two
after the fair ended it wasn't built the
last everything was like like wood
flammable materials actually during the
fair they had a fire in like the
refrigeration building that that killed
like seven firefighters oh really
yeah oh my god what a clusterfuck what a
clusterfuck devil in the White City okay
yeah but I heard that that's the book I
heard they're making a movie based on
the book
yes Scorsese and Leonardo DiCaprio is
playing serial killer oh nice
Jack are you liking this game are you
ready to play something else you know
it's one of those things like I said I
was not I did not realize that this game
was alpha fuck fuckers I did not fuck
it's just so easy to die in this game
it's so easy to die I feel like there's
a lot in here do you change characters
every time you die randomly yeah well
you get to choose from like a random
pool of five okay and what this game
needs is it's in Polish obviously that's
why it's in an early alpha state and
like I said I just did not realize how
early of an alpha state it was in before
I said we should play this tonight and
we do have another option we we might we
might move to that other option
see like now I've poisoned and I'm
probably gonna die oh hey I didn't die
cuz I randomly took a potion that could
have killed me
but I'm learning you like every game
like this you know especially like you
know modern roguelikes have they're a
little in intricacy in some tricks
Edea secrecy's sure no this shit has it
has shit like this how do I feel about
NASCAR it's boring
unless somebody is dying or blowing up I
guess if you blow up you die but I guess
you know anything like it's the car
crashing not necessarily somebody dying
or an explosion per se but it it is the
dullest thing in the world NASCAR yeah
absolutely you know even like races with
more than four turns excited for
NASCAR's just one big technically there
are four times nice if it's one long
curve turns it's yeah there's two
straightaway so it's two turns the
someone tried to explain to me why
NASCAR was excited you don't get it I
don't get it I get it
and they're like no but you don't
understand like we were there and when
they drive by you they are going so fast
I was like so I'm watching on TV they
look slow even if you're there what does
it matter if they go by you really fast
how is that impressive
Cerie Chen says happy somewhere then I
don't know if it's still the case but
for a while NASCAR was the most popular
sport in the United States I know why I
don't get it I just don't get it yeah
yeah sorry Chen says happy Sunday happy
Sunday so rich where are you now in
Zelda I'm still poking around
miscellaneous things tried to register
Satori also that snake pass game is
weirdly calming oh yeah there's a like a
one of like one of the homing new games
for the switch is like a snake game okay
I haven't seen that snake again I'm I'm
I'm basically at the end of Zelda I'm
just poking around really that's here
and I did bring my capture I don't I'm
done basically finished with it already
to get ready to to face the final taste
the food yeah yeah invisibility
interesting not not really in the mood
to move on to anything else either at
the moment oh yeah
well like I said you know for me I'm I'm
really I'm really enjoying getting
through the story of horizon zero dawn
which is something I really wanted to do
but you know just couldn't in time for
the review and then of course Zelda came
out two days after that came out so not
a lot we could do there but I'm rather
enjoying making my way through the story
of horizon zero dawn though I realized
like I've done so many side quest I'm so
leveled up now the story quests aren't
challenging really for me
mm-hm so that's a shame button is the
switch worth buying known thank you
about Zumba well yet you got an option
you got a slightly cheaper option to
play Zelda with the Wii U right so it's
not necessarily worth it
how do you feel about portability that's
that's an important question
playing nice fancy games in this tiny
annoyingly little screen so I feel about
the handheld deal ok this epic game and
like the tiny thing in an epic here's
what I'll say about the portability
factor I've been recently the other game
I've been playing is salt and sanctuary
do you remember that game sanctuary
finally God came over to the Vita yams
promised as a video game a long long
time ago and it finally came to the Vita
so I've been playing that and it's the
first time I've been I've had a decent
play session on my Vita in a couple
months and especially since I've gotten
the switch mm-hmm and so what you have
here is like the Vita which is very
small very portable right yeah but that
big screen on the switch is so nice like
compared to the even though it's a
little beefier to hold compared to the
the Vita screen it's amazing the switch
is portable but I've just been bringing
the damn bass I've I've brought it
through the studio a few times like you
know I'm working on something earlier
and I know I'm gonna have time to kill
later like waiting for Jack to show up
eventually I'm streaming tonight not
gonna go home for a couple hours I'll
just bring the switch with me and even
when I've done that I've brought the
bass with so I can hook it up to a nice
big TV right and play it with a proper
controller and not the fucking switch
panels whatever they are yeah yeah I I
played a lot of the Zelda on in portable
mode and I think I think it worked just
fine
I like the portability of it of course
you know Isaac is on it now and so for
me that that's my go-to game because I'm
done with Zelda I've been done with
Zelda for a little bit got here at
that rat so portability for me is
important because I know I'm going to
I'm gonna take it on the go so I know
for you it's not that big a deal I do
they are they they came out with a patch
recently for the switch version of Zelda
that apparently fixed some of the
framerate issues okay it doesn't matter
for me cuz I'm done playing Zelda I
don't know if I just had a switch they
put an extra bit of RAM in there
something but I didn't have that many
severe framerate issues like that clip
you showed during the review I never had
anything that bad really
yeah and that would that was the worst
yeah and it never had like like those
clips like how long would they were
that's how long it lasted was that was
that playing it in handheld mode or
something the camera cord camera cord
and it had nothing to do with a capture
card because that's just an HDMI
pass-through like you know it's not like
we were taking up console resources but
it was it wasn't that often but it was
often enough that you know it always had
a always had a attack speed rlm ever
been offered live appearances they asked
Mike to go to a film festival in where
was a Denmark Germany here only Germany
it was somewhere he was Denmark yeah and
he went he went okay we're Matt Jay our
our Lovecraft says Jack yeah are you
surprised that the Power Rangers movie
isn't doing better I know as a show for
babies rated wide to seven but as
someone who is never a fan I expected it
to be more successful I have not seen
the Power Rangers movie based off of
what I have read about it what they did
was
make a Power Rangers movie for no
particular audience okay it's not corny
and schlocky enough to be like for like
what do you call it when you remember
something fondly nostalgia sake yeah so
like anyone who's older and wants to see
it for nostalgia they're like yeah let's
see a goofy action thing right yeah it's
not goofy enough it's also not
necessarily aimed towards children
because most of the movie is a teenage
drama and they're dealing with some like
heavy teenage drama shit apparently like
someone someone like talks about revenge
porn in the Power Rangers movie and so
still err that show for kids right
there's still a version you're trying to
trying to aim it towards an older
audience for some reason but still call
it power range that's the problem you
can't then call it Power Rangers like it
already has an audience I know there are
a lot of fans in the original who are
adults now but yeah
but then you know what make it corny and
make it goofy and those I don't like
make it what was it what was that a
Pacific Rim
you know Pacific Rim was pretty corny
yeah I liked it because it was corny
that that's basis if ik rim is is
basically the Power Rangers movie
dysphoria Blues I subscribe to are LM on
patreon and prereq on twitch today now
that I've graduated and getting that
sweet sweet bachelor's degree money I
can finally pay for all the great
content you guys craft well thank you
dysphoria blues
Oh neat harmonica sorry a blues shit
just beat the show that guy was born
with the painters don't want none of
that gender dysphoria is there any other
kind of dysphoria I've never heard that
used to refer to anything else
I think this for is just a general state
of it I know we have a verdict referred
to used in the case of gender dysphoria
I don't know what's gender dysphoria
transgender oh okay I believe and you
know don't quote me I guess I've always
understood it as just a general state of
confusion okay dysphoria but and then of
course gender dysphoria being a specific
form of that but sorry you totally threw
me off guard by talking about penises
and so
visibility captain blue 42 says hi guys
what was your favorite April Fool's Day
joke online or off mine is a tie between
Rick and Morty premiering season 3 with
no fanfare and reddit's our slash place
BTW have you seen place or Rick and
Morty I was working all fucking day
yesterday so I did not I'm only just now
hearing about some of these April 4 days
jokes oh yeah you know I don't even know
if I know of any proposed oh we know you
actually you know what caught me you
know what caught Lisa is we were
watching Saturday Night Live and then we
realized it was a rerun but for a little
bit we were watching Saturday Night Live
and I think BMW had a commercial and the
BMW commercial was about a new BMW
ended this is an on-air TV commercial
about a new BMW auto driving system yeah
that would take control of other auto
driving cars if they were too slow and
moved in a lane over okay if they were
dry if they were in the left-hand Lane
but driving too slow it would
automatically move their car over for
you this was like wait can they do that
and I was like honey it's it's April
Fool's and the course will ended with
happy April Fool's Day all right so but
you know what I thought it was cute I
thought that was a cute one
uh-huh Hardin says sorry for the band
assumption Jack thank you what oh the
band assumption no I just died again the
the ways in which you can die yeah are
numerous and unexplained and numerous
well this sounds great
and and little though because you
assumed I was in band I'm sorry no
apology necessary
thank you too for having a competent and
still funny stream
there's too many channels of
thirty-year-olds acting like 12 year
olds learning that curse words are funny
it can be but you did proper proper
context proper plays sometimes sometimes
the the censored bleep is funnier mm-hmm
but punctuation though they're not the
joke themselves that's true that's true
if if you find yourself swearing is the
punchline if a swear word is the
punchline you might be doing it wrong
just a friendly heads-up darn sad says
if either have you seen Logan yet too
busy playing Zelda and and doing work
here yeah I haven't you know what I did
see I saw a movie not on my need to see
list unfortunately unfortunately just
cuz I haven't seen the movies that I
want to see button Garrett's movie night
you must see him really but a guy who
sticks his claws through people's heads
that's gonna go over and it's gonna go
over like a wet fart and that's why we
were it was family you know his family
movie time so you gotta watch a movie
for that the whole family could enjoy we
we actually we saw fantastic beasts and
where to find them
yeah as as my eight-year-old has now
devoured everything Harry Potter in the
world made it through all the books how
much don't know watch the fantastic
these ones you know and it's fine it's a
fine movie it's nothing spectacular
nothing
insulting here's something actually
really amazing about fantastic beasts
how much do you know about the Harry
Potter universe next to nothing okay
it's wizards right the man and the
wizards I know they go to school and if
there's some some kind of giant and this
bad guy called Voldemort they go that's
and basically that's all I need to know
like it's just Wizarding stuff right and
and so you know the series of main books
deals with Harry Potter who was the boy
who survived Baltimore was the evil Lord
wizard yeah both tried to kill Harry
Potter but he couldn't do it because his
parents loved him he's too much loved in
his life right so that's all the main
book this fans has to be somewhere to
find them is a movie that's really lost
me by the way the Harry Potter was story
there's too much love in his life that's
how he survived
oh yeah I was gone yeah that was out the
door yep and by the way it's super lame
and and at the end of the first movie
like Harry gets extra points for his
class because of love and it's like what
oh yeah no like he gets points because
of love and it's like well that he
didn't do that his parents did that he
didn't love everyone special so
fantastic beasts and where to find them
is not a real life book yeah it's not
based off book it's based off of a book
that appears in the Harry Potter
universe okay
so Harry Potter can read this book
fantastic beasts and where to find them
which is basically an encyclopedia of
fantastic beasts where to find them yeah
so the movie is about an adventure that
the author of that book went on and it's
not too spectacular but here's here's
the great thing right Wow the this is
might be spoiler ish but I like I'm not
gonna tell you how the movie ends but
one of the things that they are fighting
in fantastic beasts is something called
an obscura and what an obscura is is if
you are a young witch or wizard and you
are forbidden from using your magic and
you have a really harsh life and you
know all of your hate and your anger and
your fear manifests itself into your
magical abilities and it turns into this
like giant dark cloud that you can't
control
just destroys things okay it's teenage
angst basically right and that's what
they're fighting is so they need to find
like a young witch or wizard who has a
really hard life and is forbidden from
using their magic and you know over okay
that's a fine thing to fight or whatever
but what I kept thinking of is you know
what this is really amazing this is a
really amazing new piece to the world
and I kept thinking about you talking
about Star Trek and The Legend of Zelda
and what a limited world they are okay
you got the rebels and you got the
Empire and they fight and the Jedi is
there and you got Zelda and link and
they fight Ganon yeah yeah there's like
fantastic beast is just like an addition
to this universe that is also equally
interesting but but adds to the original
universe is just like this is something
that happens and matching and Wizarding
universe like I said the movie wasn't
that great yeah yeah I was thinking oh
what a neat piece of additional
information that the Harry Potter you
there's a good bit of world-building for
a series that is now over right so in
any case like I said the movie wasn't
the greatest but I was like yeah that's
kind of neat there were other parts of
the movie where like another plot point
of the movie is his magical beasts get
out of his magical bag and he has to go
find them and you're like ooh I bet
we're gonna see some really cool weirdo
magical beasts one is a platypus mm-hmm
just platypus it steals money but it's a
platypus
one is a very large rhinoceros okay and
one kind of looks like a sloth standing
up okay
oh and one is a bird with two extra
wings okay you know not very fantastic
beasts wise this is what I'm saying a
really 1800s you know you'd have been
fascinated by that ship
how do you think zoos got to be a thing
before you know no internet into
pictures what what the fuck's a hippo
right right fuck is that thing giraffe
what's a giraffe oh my god what did the
size of that neck the elephant's the
elephant's is it isn't it rumored that
uh you know you couldn't you couldn't
compare it to anything that's first yeah
you couldn't say that's the size of an
elephant first time you see a fuckin
elephant you got no fucking pictures of
frame of reference oh my god what the
fuck is that thing right somebody
somebody in the chat going back a bit
talking about swear is just punchline
yeah they're bringing up the infamous
George Carlin bed you know should piss
cocksucker motherfucker
oh sure if you think that was the
punchline just some swearing and you
don't get that was him like analyzing
and examining why certain words are
forbidden and what makes them forbidden
you're missing like the point of what he
did man you're talking about like one
sentence in an entire 30 minute bit
about censored words yeah they're just
words why are these words why can't you
say these words they're just words what
makes these words differently other
words that was part of a larger bit yeah
okay
insolent King 2016 says evening
exclamation point
I watched gorilla interrupted I'm sorry
and it's doc the documentary how not to
make a movie yeah there you go
documentary was a lot of fun gotta say
Garrett sticks out and each scene he's
in looks like a frustrating person darn
sad says late to the stream so you may
have discussed this but what are your
thoughts on the news of Joss Whedon
possibly directing Batgirl yeah is it
too little too late depends upon
stylistically how much it is like the
other films it could be nice as its own
little standalone thing oh it's gonna be
nothing sadly like the other films hey
do we have WC footage no well how much
meddling is going on here's here's what
we know here's here's I want I want you
to be Joss Whedon for a second okay what
is Joss Whedon responsible for recently
Avengers yes one of the greatest
money-making movies ever to exist yeah
okay so now your Joss Whedon and you've
signed on to do a Batgirl man Yeah right
and the studio goes Joss we have some
notes what is Joss Whedon gonna do he is
going to walk out in a few months once
DC and Zack Snyder our firm on there it
has to be blue bleak and depressing
stats exactly and nothing will come of
it so if if is the big pinky asterisk
here Joss Whedon gets to make a Batgirl
movie it will not be bleak dark and
depressing because Joss Whedon has the
kind of sway to make the movie you know
good Tiberius Kirk is pointing out that
Avengers 2 was a massive storytelling
letdown maybe he doesn't have as much
clout as you think it's some made sense
I don't know like I don't understand why
people are so upset with with Ultron
this is got a blonde not that fun he's
fine this
yeah it's fine yeah it's fine yeah it
wasn't great right okay I agree with
that sentiment yeah it is a big step
down from Avengers here's here's what
I'll say to that yeah I don't know if I
I don't know if I would call it a step
down Avengers was the culmination it was
the peak yes of all of these all of
these movies working towards it yes
you can't duplicate that infinity war
would like to well infinity we're going
to try if any Wars gonna try they're
bringing in other people though right so
I think I think Ultron is more of a step
sideways when everyone wanted another
step who's making infinity war Russo
brothers okay me and you know they've
they did Civil War they did Captain
America too so you know Civil War a lot
of people have mixed feelings on but
they did Captain America too so that's
good okay we'll see I so anyway I think
Ultron is more I think of Ultron as more
of a step sideways but everyone wanted a
step up and so that's why I think people
find it to be disappointing I'm fine
with Ultron I think Ultron's a fine
movie none of us are it could you please
google and read out Peters letter to
Nintendo about their cow milking game do
I want to know
that's probably an April Fool's Day joke
no no it's PETA there it's gotta be an
April Fool's joke I think it came up
before April Fool's I'll be honest with
you and it's PETA and Peeta's dumb why
why even talk about PETA
why give PETA why give PETA anymore I
give PETA anymore anything I'm assuming
we're not doing that I'm fine with this
if you have strong feelings you know
towards it you go right ahead but
I would prefer not to just because Pete
is dumb PETA has no jokes well I mean it
could have been I wouldn't I wouldn't
think Peter would efficiently do that
but I could see somebody making a fake
penis statement that wasn't actually
made by PETA sure oh ho new --gel pwn
Google says Jack yeah reg just wanted to
let you guys know that every time Jack
counters a point rich makes with his ah
you know diplomacy I secretly hoped for
a over-the-top fighting scene I am sorry
so we're supposed to come to blows Oh
whenever I have a small disagreement
well we don't agree about something okay
you know that's my oh you know stuff we
can disagree about stuff yeah it's not a
big deal we could we can be friends and
not agree about it every single thing
that's kind of one of the things if
there was something that really bothered
one of us my mind I'm gonna guess that
you'd hear about it sorry chances some
Therese that secret beast thing in that
glowy Mountain it's so creepy but so fun
to ride love it and snake pass is
basically an adorable puzzle slash
platformer rare like game where you
navigate by slithering hmm I know I know
very little about this game the snake
game I'm assuming it's downloadable
watch me not know anything about this
net game how are you enjoying this this
is gonna last us the whole stream
there's no point none you could stop
whatever if you're not enjoying this you
could stop whatever we have options
that's true that's true
yeah yeah well next death we can what
times oh yeah I've been playing this for
a while alright next time I can stop it
here's what we could either do that
magic oh sure
all we could try and download the snake
game my switch is here oh that's right
your switches here I will leave that
entirely up to you as I've taken all
this blast your load says Buster's back
sorry if you've heard this before but do
you guys listen to last podcast on the
left all about killers cults UFOs think
you'd like Ben Henry and Marx humor oh
I'll handle my handle good big fun I've
just the first I've heard about it
or if I've heard about it before I've
forgotten about it because I have the
memory of an ad I know that you should I
know I know I know I know I know cut up
some YouTube videos I know I know
speaking of your poor memory well I
gotta get back late last yesterday was a
full day remember yeah whole fucking day
huh oh yeah we're doing the day before
not not cutting up YouTube videos that's
what you're a yeah this time is limbus
says started watching while unemployed
on four to ten we'll start a new
position after my second promotion in
five months couldn't have gotten to this
huh couldn't have gotten to this high
without you keeping me up during the
lows thanks guys you're welcome you're
welcome kid way to go lupus you did it
you did it this time it is lupus I get
that joke
finally I think I've always gotten it
house is pretty sweet show yeah it's
fine you know what it's fine I don't
have as strong of feelings towards your
shows as you do rich
we should probably fight about that you
should probably fight about that insulin
but oh gee I'm just dying so many times
insulin King 2016 says do you guys ever
watch other movie reviewing shows fanboy
flicks Bible reloaded or Mystery Science
Theater 3000
RiffTrax is doing samurai Kampf in
theaters this month what would it take
to bring you into theaters across u.s. I
don't watch much film reviewing shows as
a general rule I mean I don't I need
more of that I mean I can't get enough I
enjoy how it should have ended that
neither that's much of a review show oh
yeah that's more just for kicks yeah
yeah that's fun yeah I've seen that
before the Bible reloaded I know I know
they do some Christian movies but mostly
they're an atheist Bible study and then
they read Chick tracts I enjoy them but
not necessarily as movie reviewers and
Mystery Science Theater 3000 and
RiffTrax I mean I've nothing against
them but if I'm gonna joke about bad
movies I'd rather be making my own jokes
with my friends I just don't have much
use for them
and what would it take to bring me into
theaters I think they're probably asking
like to get red letter media into
theaters is that what you're asking I
know there could be referring to the
fact that I usually don't go out of my
way to see many movies I'd I you know
what if the theaters all fucking die and
it's all it goes straight to streaming
yeah
that wouldn't bother me one fucking bit
no no
well now one fucking bed here get to
watch you have to watch the fucking
spider-man homecoming I'm 55 inch TV yes
great
there there is a there is a an
experience to the movie theater you know
you people the farting next to you when
kids won't shut up yeah but I get that
at home so that that bitch behind you
won't stop talking for some goddamn
reason there are negative experience you
gotta go to the bathroom and you can't
pause it because you know you get made
the mistake of drinking something or
your internet slow everything dreaming
surfing everything about going to the
awful movie or you don't get the good
movies at home there can be good
experiences at the movie theater and
paying like paying $10 to see a movie
once and only once I'm like when you
have them when you get that group
experience where the entire group is
laughing at the same joke
or moved by the same moment it's great
to be part to be part of a crowd and all
having the same reaction is a wonderful
experience so you want to be part of a
hive mind there are there are pluses and
negatives both and you know okay I'll
miss it it's going it's going away yeah
it's absent fucking lutely going away
and I will miss it
I will also enjoy seeing movies at home
because it's really hard for me to get
out of the house in general rich spoken
like somebody with Asperger's
yeah rich what what was spoken like
someone has what I said I'm I'm not a
social person
yeah but then again don't people with
Asperger's try to be they're just bad at
it that that was one of the hallmarks
well this didn't understand how socially
awkward they are
I think that's autism no no no that's
something different I you know what I
don't know I don't know the proper
answer to this I'll be honest with you
dance on my neck
death to death Slater oh it's been like
three or four deaths by the way Boston
Technicolor says rich sorry if someone
has asked I'm a little late but how sore
is your right hand
you look pretty worn out by the end of
that Mass Effect review it was totally
worth it though yeah my hand was getting
sore oh yeah yeah she's the repetitive
yeah no it was cathartic though I
enjoyed that well good well good I'm
glad you enjoyed it I I don't know why I
didn't shred my copy of Mass Effect 3
earlier I don't know why it took me five
years because you're so you're smart and
you knew eventually you know we need to
make a video my actual copy of Mass
Effect one two and three yeah
but I destroyed the first one the best
one I've explained this before playing
trying to play Mass Effect one after
Mass Effect 3 is it's it's like being in
a funeral procession it's not a fun game
anymore
it's just depressing the series is dead
I wasn't lying what I'd call it a corpse
yeah yeah tired sad says Logan is an
excellent film to see in a theater
excellent sound design and great
cinematography
and see Lucas's jack-jack
I love horizon amazing experience but do
you think alloy is a little too perfect
everyone worships her and she always
knows exactly what to do I think she
needed a heal nothing fazes her I
wouldn't say everyone worships her
especially not in her home village quite
quite the the opposite quite yeah but
once she once she leaves the village
every everyone everyone does like her
not everyone likes her right away a lot
of times people only like her after she
has completed the task mm-hmm which of
course you as the player want to
complete the task and you know I guess
it didn't bother
I never I never noticed it enough to
bother me you know too many characters
like Mario what are Mario's faults
everyone seems to like Mario obviously
Mario is not a fully fleshed out
character okay I don't know I guess I'd
call bullshit on your statement because
there are people actively working
against alloy what a mega man's fault
again yeah how about something a little
more modern how about something a little
more modern you're not you're not
comparing apples to apples they're I
don't I don't think I just don't think
being a Mary Sue is necessarily a deal
breaker
like I will agree that Rey is a Mary Sue
no and in the force awakens I just I
don't know that it's a big deal you know
and the more after you know we had our
Star Wars discussion and after the word
Mary Sue was thrown around so much I did
some looking into it it's like I don't
even think she's a Mary Sue she's just a
character people like the same as they
like Luke she was exactly the same as
Luke Skywalker in a new hope people seem
to like her she got shit done
inexplicably possibly because of the
force and that's it like it just doesn't
matter
Eloy
is the main character the story who you
are playing as you want people to like
you generally do marine huge MarySue do
Marines definitely everything he does is
good and seems to be the best of
everything he'll just pick up a weapon
and I want to shoot it right away
right right so I'm not I'm not convinced
being a Mary Sue is you know is
necessarily bad obviously you can do it
horribly sure if you're writing bad Star
Trek fan fiction oh it all depends on
content it's obviously just supposed to
be you right yeah then then that's
terrible you know who's the worst Mary
Sue the fat guy from from alligator what
was that one called that was the
Christmas or crocodile alligator
replicator oh god the fat guy from
replicator is the worst Mary Sue because
he obviously wrote himself in that role
where all the hot women were attracted
to him and he was the best scientist
yeah yeah he's the worst Mary Sue as far
as a law is concerned that was like not
everyone loves her immediately
those who do love her there's a
important story reason for that and why
she's the best at everything is because
you're the player and you want to win
all the objectives so of course she's
the best at everything
why does Mega Man shoot all the robots
just picks up a lightsaber and knows how
to fight the baddies right away Luke
does the same fucking thing Luke got two
and a half minutes of training on a
Millennium Falcon with the lightsaber
like I don't I didn't see Yoda training
Luke and very many lightsaber duels no
you just seemed to make a run on Ronny
mental you made him lift some rocks and
run around and did some like yeah mental
stuff never any fencing training
I like a lifer there we go oh no and I
like I like halo - I get where you're
coming from I just I just don't think
it's anything to be concerned about you
know he got his ass kicked in Empire
you're not in Jedi was he had a series
of lightsaber duels after Empire well
presumably he was well he just didn't
look really never had hardly any formal
fucking training right Luke never wanted
Luke never won a duel that is true he
kicked mater's ass in Jedi he fucking
kick Vader's ass cut his fucking arm off
he had the fucking lightsaber to his
throat when he when he got ahold of
himself and turned it off oh is that
true yeah no his training was incomplete
than it was totally complete and then
promptly lost the Palpatine yeah sure
sure you could plant a lot of holes in
the original trilogy with just with
Luke's lack of training oh but I didn't
say that I was reading that from the
chat that chunk lost a duel I that
wasn't me saying that I'm reading the
chat and someone in the chat said and
they never lost a duel
settle down everybody I know I say a lot
of dumb shit no rich no no how no how
you got you got you got a fucking half a
day with Yoda and that's enough to be a
fucking Jedi Master have some fucking
day with an elderly told him no but you
know what Luke here's the thing rich
Luke totally hit some swamp rants on his
speeder that means he's more than
qualified to be a gunner pilot on the
Millennium Falcon and hit all the guys
and be the front assault of the fucking
Death Star because he hit some swamp
rats right yeah Luke is the worst
MarySue the force was with him and the
force was also with Rey and that's how
she can pick up a lightsaber and be a
badass say it's the same fucking thing
you know why because it's it's
movie with Wizards you can't you can't
get pissed at raving good with the
lightsaber and and we've totally okay
with it with Luke right you can't be
pissed that right he knows how to fly
the Millennium Falcon when Luke can just
hop right in an x-wing and go toe-to-toe
with everyone in the Empire on day one
loves because the force that's why the
force is stupid this is why I don't like
the Jedi the Star Wars isn't stupid but
you can't expect Star Wars to apply
itself to like any sort of logic because
there is magic involved any time magic
is involved the rules get thrown out in
a bank bank being a young child and
playing Star Wars but my little brother
yeah I was always nice enough to let him
be luke and I got to be Han Solo sure
sure so I feel about the Jedi yeah man
you guys are crazy you guys are crazy so
rich yeah about what you want to do for
which after this yeah do you want to do
Magica or do you want to do snakes else
they mentioned snakes let's take a load
of science you know what why don't you
turn your switch into handheld mode and
start downloading snakes because that's
something we can do while we continue to
you catch up on the fucking tip we
continue to talk about Star Wars and all
the important stuff streams priorities
on our spot on yeah you know what
sometimes gibbering about Star Wars is
stream priority absolutely
Tigers Kirk says Rhea has no scenes
where anyone tells her what a lightsaber
is or what a lightsaber does except for
that one scene where she learns what a
lightsaber does after she touches the
lightsaber and then the lady with the
small eyes tells her what a lightsaber
is and what a lightsaber does you have
to assume that those flashbacks into
other people using lightsabers like
maybe there's a little bit more to them
maybe she can figure it out I think
people know what lightsabers are in the
Star Wars universe it might be a bit
more severe with Ray but I mean you
can't not see that they did the same
thing with Luke where he was an instant
fucking Jedi he he had won one training
session with Yoda that's what he had he
had one fucking training session with it
with yo time not just with Luke any
story or any movie that has the hero go
along the hero's journey like you're
gonna get that if you're lucky you get a
training montage he he doesn't see Yoda
again until Jedi and there's no more
training that happens Yoda just dies and
Seiya trainings done not dying one piano
lesson together yeah you're a
grandmaster I mean as far as I'm
concerned because I can't do anything
more I can I can deal with that I can
deal with that of course but you can't
turn around and say it's horrible when
it happens to rain okay this is what I'm
saying
that's what I'm saying I'm super
agreeing with you right yeah I'm super
agreeing with you here I think people
are unnecessarily harsh on Rey Luke was
the chosen one says TLS well then rain
was also the chosen one cares they're
arguing about fucking magic it's magic
this is why Star Wars is stupid I see
Beefcake we can all agree on that the
more montage is the better all these
movies they just need a fucking training
montage you know I'm saying
the montage is what tells the whole
story hey internet settings you're
somewhere right and that's true shark
spear like like a lot of people like the
disarray for knowing how to fight with a
lightsaber but there is a scene right in
the beginning of the movie where Rey
holds her own against two thugs without
a lightsaber yeah I just had to learn
defend herself for something for her
whole life she's probably been in more
fights than Luke was in yeah of course
Luke got it Luke almost got his ass
handed to him by a drunk at the cantina
right and so it's like oh like here
here's a sword I know what a sword is I
can fight with this it makes it all
makes sense in the magic universe no no
Richard you seem deadpool yet i need to
okay you have now okay people are
wondering if you've seen the dead boy
yeah alright wait where were we insulin
King how do you decide which movies to
do do you check online for movies that
have been oh for by assume you're
talking about for best of the worst
insulin King wants to know what how do
you decide what movies to do do you
check online for movies that have been
critique we have no idea we that like
the day before will walk around up here
looking at our shelves how do you think
this honestly just looking at the tapes
and looking at the back of the box
yep how does this look every once in a
while like I know for that Halloween
episode Jay had Jason shopping mall
before someone had every now and then
somebody has seen it but yeah it's
usually not the person who picked out
the movie right and like then like for
example with dangerous men Alamo
Drafthouse put that out and they're the
one that also put out like they put out
a bunch of stuff including Miami
connection yeah and so it's like okay if
they put this out it's probably
something special sure as far as you
know so it's like we have we have those
Rich's wrong Chet is right why because
you like Star Wars I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry I criticized your Star Wars if I
could precious fucking Star Wars I made
to steal order I don't understand what
that means I've been given a topic I to
explain how long had passed during the
Yoda training session said nobody right
no it's listen wait wait what was it was
it again I sure wish there was a title
card I think it was a joke
someone someone might have been someone
was commenting on how long Luke trained
with Yoda where maybe it's like it's
unknown how long no I did always
bothered the fuck out of me because Han
Solo was was not on they'd never got
this sense that they were on best Ben
for that long
before they got captured there's an
there's nothing that indicates a lot of
time has passed
han Solo who doesn't have Han Solo
doesn't has some thick fucking beard
going on that's true no they were on
vestment for what do you think like a
day two days yeah yeah so Luke got two
days a week tops well so like but maybe
best friend was a closer planets a Luke
got their first they didn't have they
didn't have a light drive it they didn't
have hyperspace it had to have tried
probably been in the fucking same
fucking solar system but then again I'm
sure they didn't give a shit about
science so so well let's let's say let's
give Luke a head start actually wait in
the movie who shows up where first does
Luke show up on Dagobah first or do they
show up on Cloud City first I I don't
know it's it might not be clear wait no
Luke probably ought to Dagobah because
they're knocking around the asteroid
belt I'm saying in the movie yeah
nothing there's nothing to make me think
that Lutz spent a lot of time on Dagobah
Luke shows up to think of a first okay
sure so let's let's say Luke got a week
of training let's be generous right sure
sure
Luke got I think a week is generous
let's let's say you Luke got seven full
days of training in which we see him
running the floating shit with his mind
failing at a test failing at floating
shit in his mind and leaving yeah
after Yoda told him not to leave like
that's his training that's a training
Ironfist jack it's like this it's like
and it's not great it has some actually
shockingly absurd technical flaws to it
it's kind of boring at first the actions
okay and it's like if you've watched all
the other Marvel stuff watch it too and
it'll be fine and this is this is a
business transaction god damn it like
use my own card you know Luke went back
to Dagobah after Empire now when did
they say that
what is that even implied he shows up a
Jedi and it's it seems like it's been
ages since he's seen Yoda
and Jedi oh yeah it's we're just too
fucking in love with Star Wars to
acknowledge that this is a H now so I'm
a deal breaker I still like the you know
the original trilogy but oh sure Luke's
an instant Jedi very little training
yeah and the hero of the day and
everyone loves him yeah because he was
able to take out the Death Star without
the fancy machinery get over it you know
something weird about iron fist
mmm-hmm there's a there's a sequence in
Iron Fist in one of the later episodes
that takes place in the rain okay yeah
and and this is like filmmaking 101 you
can see the big gloopy drips dripping
down from whatever is protecting the
from the rain Oh like right in front of
the lens there are these big gloopy
drips and the rest of the rain looks
like normal rain
she's shocking amounts of weird
technical flaws just weird technical
flaws all right
instant Jedi that's why as a Jedi in the
third film yeah he's a Jedi in the third
film with almost no training
I guess he practice on his own really
hard
ha
midi-chlorians still a thing in the new
Star Wars yes because the prequels are
still canon Joe who's making an
appearance in the new one in the last
Jedi yep
ok what's the stupidest thing I could
think of not necessarily no ok well it
has to be someone in the prequels right
because you just mentioned the prequels
I'm gonna go out on a limb and say not
Jar Jar because that would be stupid
right is it that guy from the diner
no okay Christian hey Danson oh oh oh
horse ghost Vader is gonna show up and
it's gonna be Christian Hayden says if
they do it now there was like a bit that
was cut from the force awakens if they
do it like that I actually kind of don't
mind at all could be cool I don't know
if you knew what they were going to do I
don't know no I knew no I know nothing I
don't know how you know stuff mute the
stream for about 30 second 30 and you at
the stream for 30 seconds 3 2 1
suppose they they're gonna do like a
force ghost and they're gonna like have
like half his face be like the Darth
Vader masses they could be like creepy
looking so it wasn't gonna be like like
the end of Jedi force ghost Anakin
Skywalker I was gonna be like tortured
bitter force ghost Darth Vader Anakin
Skywalker okay kind of haunted force
ghost okay interesting
oh yeah
poor Hayden Christensen he might have
had a career he might have
he hated fun he did fine I'm sure he got
money for those movies yeah but he might
have had a career I'm not gonna lose
Annie I'm not gonna lose any sleep over
Christian Hayden send his Star Wars
money oh she's fine but like I said just
one of those weird that we're
downloading snake paths at the moment so
we're just gonna jibber about bullshit
while we download snake paths so
prequels are still canon I guess if we
know any the the only mention of
prequels in the force awakens is is the
the commander saying maybe we should
have gone with a clone army instead of
your first order
so the clone army is still canon that's
the only thing we have connecting it all
right it's still gonna be Canada the
films are it's gonna be the films I'm
just saying or that's that's another
headache they got to deal with they just
just just let's see if they're gonna
happen we're not gonna mention him that
often
sleeping lets sleeping dogs lie yeah
yeah agreed said are you gonna remake
the prequels they're gonna be a new one
two and three yeah God you know don't
give them any ideas because they will
they will do that if they think it's a
good idea just don't poke it with a
stick and you'll be fine it's like
asbestos under the floor it's cover you
don't want to peel that up don't peel it
up because then it gets everywhere star
wars team has a lot of free coast or
mounts and rebels confer oh that's true
and rebels Star Wars what rebels is
canon okay and and yeah they're actually
bridging prequel and in a new hope
together with Star Wars rebels rebels
which I hear is good I watched a little
bit of it I mean it's kids show but a
lot of people like him I don't know if
you've seen any rebels
No yeah it's fine it's you know it's a
fine Star Wars kids show I think my kids
got a little bored of it
I'll be honest with you where did you
leave off well if we read while ago okay
just the sky you know what was going
through your heads during the silent
bits Mass Effect Andromeda review just
seething hatred yeah I was just
resentment that I even had to do the
fucking video to shut people up about
Mass Effect Andromeda I was trying not
to laugh and every once in a while like
a flick of DVD would fly past me and so
let you know luckily in this room we
have a lot of shit to look at so I was
like looking at all the box are its and
just looking around and then I was
trying desperately not to close my eyes
because I was strangely very tired I was
also thinking Jesus feels good to put
the cap on this that had a gun that felt
kind of nice and then at some point I
was thinking gee my hands getting tired
that entire destruction was so long we
actually had we had a lot more just
sitting in silence for the people yeah
out there we had I want to say 10 full
minutes of just sitting in silence and
then rich grabbed the the tools and
started destroying everything we decided
to cut that way down because it took you
so long to destroy them all well we
didn't know how long was actually gonna
take right so right so I go that much
faster once I went to the tin snips but
I started with the other I got like I
want I was trying to make it take a
while because I didn't know how fast it
was gonna go mm-hmm once once I you know
once it really okay week this is going
on I switched its tin snips sure much
faster but yeah so that's why there's
only like two minutes
of real silence until he starts the
destruction oh man I was so sleepy and
then you're just sitting in a quiet room
with this like repetitive noise
happening like this yep
snip and I was just it was hypnotizing
marriage I was falling asleep tired sad
says Letterman retired do you have any
favorite late-night talk-show hosts al
Colbert is great I'm guessing a rich is
a die-hard fan of Jimmy Fallon's
hard-hitting said.but segments of
celebrity charades Jimmy Fallon Kenny
fucking choked to death
you just don't want him to do the show
anymore he doesn't need to choke to that
Rafi chokes to death he's definitely not
gonna do the show tonight him I probably
wouldn't be watching anyway i
what's-his-face on ABC Kim Kimal
Kimmel he's fun I don't I don't really I
like him on the man show but don't
really I just don't watch late-night
talk shows regularly like through the
man show yeah
well Adam Carolla that was some fun
stuff I like the man show first why is
this shocking I just never knew it was a
funny show I have never heard anyone
talk about the man show in since it has
stopped there yeah Jim her the bit they
did with the end women's suffrage now
yeah they did a similar one with ban
dihydrogen oxide yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah 20 minutes Colbert Colbert is great
I haven't I haven't watched his show
since he's been a host of late-night
yeah oh he's great he's great he's he
has a fantastic monologue his interview
skills aren't the greatest but you know
who watches past the monologue anyway
he's got a great monologue
okay um and Konan oh sure I was like
Conan O'Brien mm-hmm he's gonna weekly
you know no yeah just weekly yeah if I
don't get that many at that many ratings
on CBS damn yeah all of them though like
that the The Late Show with Seth Meyers
John Oliver
Colbert they're all killing it on
YouTube next day yeah they all upload
full episodes to YouTube next day and
they're killing it good yeah good for
them I mean they're getting views that
it's probably not paying them anything
but they're getting are we don't get
many views for the interview stuff would
be my guess cohdon does great he instead
of like he'll upload the full interview
but then they'll also upload like here's
a minute and 30 seconds of one funny
thing that happened during the interview
yeah watch those I will almost never
watch a full interview but he's only
doing a weekly no I don't know if it no
ratings or just he doesn't give a fuck
probably a little bit of both yeah
probably a little bit of both I mean TBS
doesn't have that high ratings anyway he
had the big kick to start off his DBS
show because of the hullabaloo red
letter media is liberal bias shows more
and more every day
I don't I don't know if people realize
that just there's all sorts of different
opinions within red letter media and you
know what we're friends right and
doesn't it doesn't drive wedges between
us we can all get along and we can
believe different things politically we
very rarely talk about politics here
yeah you normally talk about movies
you're what you're probably seeing is me
being incredibly liberal because I am
and you know I am one tiny part of red
letter media so if if you're saying
Jack's liberal bias is showing more
every day there's no sure that would
make perfect sense but I just you know
how about how about how about you get a
little more specific rich rich seems a
little red pill I don't I don't like to
say I subscribe to a side ask me how I
feel about an issue and I might tell you
how I feel about an issue I think that's
there but I I think I think treating
politics like sports team and I'm on
this side and I agree with everything
the side says is just idiotic I think we
can all agree with that right yeah yeah
I think we're gonna all agree with that
but you know what I've read recently
re-watched mom is a can't conan
o'brien's can't stop yeah that little
documentary about him going on the
legally prohibited from television tour
no great documentary yeah great I mean
it's just like so what what is this
calling him I want to say it's called
Conan O'Brien's Conan O'Brien can't stop
okay is what I believe the name of it is
and basically they they start rolling
cameras as soon as he is fired from The
Tonight Show mm-hmm and they document
him preparing for and going on his
legally prohibited from being funny on
television tour which was the thing he
did in but in between
and it is an amazing little documentary
just about Conan O'Brien and his work
ethic and the way that they write and
his team and what was going through his
head during this crazy this crazy time
in his life right and it's actually
really funny because they have a bit
about TBS giving them an offer and the
entire him and his entire writing staff
are just like I mean but we're not gonna
go to TBS right let's see where else we
got
yes but uh I I don't want to get too far
into it but I think the person who made
the liberal bias conscious just is just
noticing jokes we've made ad trumps
expense like I don't I don't know if you
remember this but during our which
review was it the the Gears of War
review III references or something a
video game oh yeah the end of vanquish
yeah you're just you just not know she I
only care about what's funny when it
comes to political jokes I'm like I
don't care about what's funny I don't I
don't care about what side I'm ribbing I
don't yeah I don't think in in the
history of everything red letter media
has made I can't imagine there's too
many political jokes mm-hmm yeah okay
Louie on as fast as we can let's do it
let's do it Jack Lamont keep up the
great work gentlemen what about your
liberal back I know do you think JJ
Abrams will be able to do something
original in the upcoming Star Wars
movies where would you take the story JJ
Abrams is not involved
with the upcoming Star Wars movies no I
don't think he is he left after he left
the force awakens which struck me that
is very troubling I mean he wants to do
different shit he fucking the fucking
huge Star Wars date
wanted to do I wanted to do different
things oh yeah I'm sure that's
what happened here I'm sure it wasn't
some kind of difference of opinion on
where the story should go that could be
that could be you have to send me back
of the plugin no I do that there is a
question of whether or not this game
will download and tell him he's
assisting officially how was he
assisting I don't know he was involved
at all well he's pretty pricey so as a
producer credit I would assume I would
assume his produce credit here's the
thing about Abrams and Star Wars The
Force awakens is a very JJ Abrams film
mm-hmm he took that franchise and made
it his own thing a lot of like the fast
tuck and quips the style is very Abrams
even though thankfully there were no
lens flares the action scenes were very
JJ Abrams like he put his mark on the
Star Wars franchise already yeah and
hopefully some of that visual style
which I find I think his visual style
lent really well to the Star Wars
universe yeah
cuz it made it fun I made it fresh it
made it fast and I really liked that but
who knows who's directing the next one
Chad Chad who's directing the next one
someone I am to be it for me his lens
flares did not bother me especially in
Trek when everything is supposed to be
shiny and new and the wonderful bright
future the lens flare is totally worked
I don't I don't understand there's so
many there's so many of it was great I
love any of them it was great I loved it
visually I officially have no problem
with the Star Trek lens flares at all at
all they're great how's the Dumbo going
on snakes but snakin not even close
next next time we just play Magic you
know if it's got a while to go
let's just play magic okay I'm okay with
that you know what we're gonna play
Magic out we're gonna take a little
break first well you can keep reading
I'm gonna go to the bathroom okay
gobbledygook says Jesus age skywalker
folks in space no one can hear you nerd
rage Jack your mouth moves the air
shakes sound travels don't defend it all
thank you two for teaching us that Luke
whoops his pop whoops I guess death John
says Jack well you know what I'll read
this when he gets back I'll read that
when he gets back cause it's for Jack
humberto Cabbage Patch says hey guys I
had to step away from the stream for a
few minutes because a fucking bat got
into my apartment all my windows are
closed and we haven't opened the door
lately very odd they get in through like
ventilation ducts and shed aiya birds
can't wait up
we had a bird in the boiler room of the
studio when a must have gotten in
through a vent there's like no other way
it could have gotten in there it's not a
very exciting story because the bird was
dead by the time we found it banging
around at a darkroom kind of a horrible
way for the bird to go out but hey it's
what happened
Santa gag says I missed the first 48
seconds of your stream the real question
is is will powers a murderer err we
don't know
well know sooner or later I'm assuming
no because Phoenix Wright is defending
him and then yeah cut up until I can
read that that beard that beard tip for
Jack Boyle I'm not really a boiler he's
like a utility room
that would've been a far better thing to
call it a utility room the the place
where we're things for utility are the
fuse box and water heater that kind of
shit
rlm showing their anti bird bias that is
true
which what is your favorite tool brand
whatever brand is that works it's fine
so just we just we're just waiting
nonnamous says
oldie oldie oldie oldie oldie oldie
oldie oldie oldie a goes on and goes on
all the Olie Olie Olie Olie Olie Olie
Olie Olie Olie Olie Olie Olie Olie Olie
y-you know like Blade Runner because
it's boring it's a poorly paced boring
movie that's visually stunning have I
seen the NX oh one refit Enterprise no I
have not
rich are you gonna play Skyrim no
immediate plans
blade runner's grade Blade Runner and
Blade Runner Blade Runner
it's boring I'm sorry I think it's
boring
excellent excellent subject matter
excellent visuals poorly paced and
boring it's fun for one scene Rutger
Hauer gives us a speech about tears in
the rain and that's that's when it
starts and stops being exciting
beautiful Blade Runner is a beautiful
movie we're talking about Blade Runner
so deaf Jon says Jack be on the lookout
for Boulevard Brewing Company beers they
just started submitting to Wisconsin the
calling double IPA and tank seven
farmhouse ale are good for starters
everything else is good too okay
Boulevard Brewing says hey guys if you
ever run to a midnight showing of Rocky
Horror Picture Show if so how did you
lose your virginity ah I'm not that big
on Rocky Horror sorry I don't hate it
I'm certainly not a member of the Rocky
Horror Picture Show cult cults yeah it's
a fucking cult sometimes yeah back in my
high school days I went to a bunch of
midnight showings of Rocky Horror and I
want to say there was a spanking machine
my first yeah on my first night it's a
fucking cult and so you you would have
to crawl all of the actors who were
performing you know because at the at
the oriental theater they used to do
live performances along with the movie
which was neat it was neat to go to and
so then all the actors would would line
the aisles and you'd have to crawl
through all their legs and they did
you'd go through the spanking machine
yeah that was my first time but I've
been to I've been to a few Rocky Horror
shows and it's fun it's just good old
fun
funny say you seeing the time-warp song
and you see you see Tim Carey looking
you know Tim Tim Curie is that is that
the is that the actor who who had
discovered x-rays and died of cancer Tim
Curry yeah encouraged sorry I I didn't
know where you were going represent like
Tim cure you know madam Tim Curie right
Tim Curry you get to see Tim Curry
looking unreasonably attractive you just
you just don't know where that comes
from

[Part II]
all right rich Evans I have a challenge
for you play and be mapped to a final
doom the Plutonia experiment on
ultraviolence difficulty what say you
rich Evans are you up for the challenge
no no no I am NOT up to the challenge
do you want to go out mouse and keyboard
or controller uh what do you do is
single-player for now alright and you
probably want controller have you want
yeah so if we do co-op I will switch to
there you go
is that it
there okay great okay you know what I
just realize you guys can't see anything
we're doing I forgot to change the game
okay Anana says something looks like
it's swedish and i can't really
pronounce it at all great skit Arden yo
something it's good Arden Yoga Center in
your burgandy energy you should be good
if your dish Berg very good now you can
see Magic Unit 603 idiot says hey Jake
that's probably me yeah
I'm told that a good joke is all about
timing so given that it took you three
years to get the joke my name is a
reference to game station I think it
means it was worth it
you know at 6:03 idiot at 6:03 idiot
your name is not a joke it is a
reference there's a difference between a
joke and a reference what are you what
are you Seth MacFarlane not getting a
joke as the comment I saw earlier that
wondered if we were aware of the irony
of previously recorded broadcasting life
that's not getting the joke well is that
their fault er ours
apparently it's ours I have some miss
Felton magicka but at what point at what
point is you know your joke bad or your
audience an idiot where's the where's
the line there are two schools of
thought rich and they are exactly
opposing schools of thought some schools
of thought say if your audience doesn't
get the joke it's your fault for not
telling it correctly and that is the
audience saying this and the performers
the performers side of it is is if the
audience it's their fault for being dumb
and the truth lies in betwixt about that
in between is where the truth lies all
right we are ready for now for a Magica
start Magica
go I'm skipping the cutscene I'm
skipping the cutscene I'm an idiot it's
in the name it's you know I I didn't get
that I don't I don't get a lot of jokes
I don't get a lot of references only
because I haven't seen a lot of rlm
stuff you know a lot of times I won't
watch a half in the bag because I've
already talked to Jay and Mike about a
movie that they did in half in the bag
or I haven't seen a movie and so I don't
want to walk to them talk about a movie
I haven't seen so I haven't seen a ton
of half in the bags and why I didn't see
all the game stations I think I saw your
Batman one it's fine yeah you know I
don't give a shit you seen the game
station it was a terrible show I think I
saw your Batman one and I do watch every
best of the worst I didn't I didn't like
reading out a game review in front of
Mike or Jay who didn't know anything
about games and I was getting like zero
reaction from them right oh that was the
worst I think I was telling you oh you
know what I was telling you about this
the other day I was watching the old
game stations to to link to him yeah in
the Zelda review and Matt like my coche
were just using random footage when you
were talking about it and it was so
bothersome to me I use the game footage
where he's talking about the game
I don't care about any of this okay you
can punch lost and technical artist
Tropic Thunder is now on Netflix hadn't
seen it since it first came out rewatch
was great
Robert Downey jr. steals the movie have
you seen it rich I have not seen traffic
them you haven't seen Trump I haven't
seen property I don't know the Tropic
Thunder is a couple really memorable
I thought it was a movie based on the
whole Cogan show is it Thunder in
paradise
it's a couple really memorable and funny
moments in an otherwise like kind of
dull movie but it's got some nice guy it
has some really funny moments to it that
Tropic Thunder
well I skipped a really important
cutscene
okay Magica is a game where you can
experiment and combine up to five
elements to create spells
experimentation is important as there
are thousands of combinations at your
disposal but to conjure any element at
all you must you first need a staff go
get it from the weapons rack okay heals
cures poisons oh okay
seems that you've taken some damage from
your fall and now that you have your
staff you can heal yourself conjure a
life element by using the right stick
did I do it
you did something I sure did nope
oh I don't necessarily know how to do
that awesome you're all healed up now
use your sword to cut through the rope
that's blocking your way out of this
room okay
okay
it's block
okay hold the right Oh hold on
Oh God use a keyboard conjure three
earth ailments how do i conjure earth
elements
how do i conjure earth Elmo did I do it
but how much give - yeah I have no idea
how I'm doing this oh my get it there
how did I get it there
- I just hold it there
look at me a button you confirm while
holding the stick right now I'm just
holding the stick and when I like oh
wait is that it I just sorry if I press
down and this way oh you just have to
let go of the stick once you're
highlighting I guess okay oh I forgot to
charge it so this way then this way this
way then this way okay okay okay I get
it now
there we go I figured it out everyone I
figured it out so you got to press down
first and then down left or you know or
down right depending on what direction
you want to go okay so like for
firefighters over here so first you
press right and then you kind of press
right and down right nope
damn it okay there we go I got it and
then you press the trigger button to
activate the spell I'm getting it so you
make the spell and then you cast it yeah
and then you can like so like I could I
could say like one fire orb one ground
orb you want to heal orb and then you
cast it it does something
yeah oh I got an achievement for that
so then like I probably need a fire orb
to shoot that way and right so then go
fire Oh No
oh you know what we need a fire and a
rock yeah I see you throw the flaming
rock that's neat
there we go alright I'm getting this
there's neat I'm down with this anything
over here
lightning so obvious obviously well duh
yeah I just saw this little thing
happens to lightning fire well it's one
thing at a time let's see here so here's
a lightning use a fire ready rich yeah
probably if you hit something with it it
sets it on fire
I would assume anonymous says Germany
Germany all over everything in the world
when it comes to protecting and
defending our
I'm just worried this is like part of a
Hitler speech I have no idea but
how harden says do you all have any
guilty pleasure games a game considered
to be dumb and asinine but you enjoy
playing it ie candy crush
oh no it's not my head I like candy
crush
I guess fire on myself
active 1x0 says let Susan play you hack
frauds Susan is not here
turn-ons do this trick if you're already
dry
so what's going on I'm all wet and I
need to use lightning and I can't use
lightning when I'm all wet or else I'll
obviously get fried and so I will have
to I have to use fire on myself and I'm
not exactly sure how like here's the
heel this is how I used to heat this
what I used to hear myself yeah and then
if I go he'll fire it actually just
turns into a like a beam which doesn't
seem good Rock fire we know shoot stuff
though we don't want that do you have to
burn the barrels maybe no okay
how do you gotta you conjure on yourself
that's what I'm wondering
chat press why oh oh topless I couldn't
see it the camera was on the way
oh did it say why yeah I'm on the right
oh shit sorry guys alright now that
you're dry you have to electrify both
generators at the same time the easiest
way to do this is to cast an area spell
do this by pressing and holding the left
trigger okay great
okay left trigger is area why is self
right trigger is another thing arcane
type beam arcane damage explosive heels
undead yeah okay so obviously we need
some lightning then we need some arcane
what does the arcane do I said turn it
into a beam oh no sorry I'm not supposed
to use this here generator it's too far
away to reach of lightning you'll
continue lighting and earth because they
are opposite to each other oh oh
lightning and earth are opposite so it
makes it go further Hey
oh wait you can't because they're
opposite oh yes come on lightning and
earth because they're opposites to each
other so to extend the Lisa frightening
at our Kane did you just weren't aiming
properly
it was working you're just hitting the
wall oh there you go
alright great I played a little bit of
this once and it seemed need okay before
I got distracted with something else I
forgot what yeah
the cellar is flooded oh I can use cold
motherfucker
but it's slippery
there we go nice water oh I wonder what
I'm supposed to do with water learning
this game is like learning a musical
instrument Oh a fine rich have you ever
seen a UFO I was very young I remember
somewhat seeing look like a metallic
sphere floating in the sky uh-huh
however I'm a very practical person and
it's like probably fucking weather
balloon and I was good it was fun to
pretend I had seen a UFO but the back of
my head my hands probably something
reasonable it's probably something
reasonable yeah
so you did yes I see something saw
something rounded metallic looking which
is what weather balloons look like the
sky Panna smashing navigate through your
list of magic with the d-pad and when he
selected oh so lightning arcane fire
it's because you're using a gamepad it's
twice as challenging great I guess the
combos are really easy where you just
hit the button for lightning rather than
going through a menu oh sure the two
plus three then you know it's probably
really easy to do sure then I ever see a
Bigfoot in the woods no because nobody
has ever actually seen a Bigfoot in the
woods rich ever done drugs not a single
time in my life ever okay your dicks I
don't know who you are but get out of
here I've had people in my family with
them substance abuse problems and why
the fuck would I even want to put a foot
down that road
rickets caffeine well yeah if you want
to bump on caffeine everything's a
fucking drug technically yeah like
waters dragon no that's not what what is
what technically makes a drug jeez that
was cheese not a drug no cheese has
nutrition when you put it on your body
and it releases endorphins because you
like cheese no I can controlled some -
substance something that alters your
state of mind do caffeine count yes I
mean is you know it's it's not a it's
not a hard drug but it is technically a
controlled substance whoever whoever
said that is just being a dick I know I
know
because caffeine is obviously the the
weakest rickets 47 says hey guys
will you ever stream on other one of
those Sierra adventure games the police
quest and Space Quest dreams were great
possibly sooner or later jack are you
not enjoying this is my honest question
because I'll play if you're not enjoying
this get them with the thing it's not
necessarily my thing okay it's not the
waste is that the waste thing
I mean we're through all of the good
police quest games yeah you said
everything else is like a
point-and-click right
well not everything else like some of
the early kings quest but they don't
have a lot of good dialogue there
they're very simplistic okay relatively
speaking yeah we did three and I forget
what wasn't working about three the
three wasn't working for a good stream
one of the weird spells found
ingredients there was a wizard oh yeah
that was weird we can always play some
more Space Quest at some point oh yeah
we've only done the Space Quest one so
we could definitely do that I'll be down
with them Space Quest 3 is funny I know
space quest for a Space Quest 3 is like
one of my favorites yeah we can get
through the Space Quest games quest for
glory is great but it's too grindy for a
stream there's a lot of worrying about
what your stats are in quest for glory
ok quest for glory 2 is the absolute
best that's the pinnacle of Sierra games
quest for glory 2
but then you gotta worry about not
having the proper stats for this or that
right yeah no you know generally our
streams like that are a little more a
little more looser a little a little
lighter just because we're concerned
about making the jokes so yeah but we
could definitely use a space quest to
end space quest 3 okay those are fun
games okay
okay I've played some of the first
Pikmin game and I'm rich doesn't like
real time strategies but I've played
some of the first Pikmin game and I
thought it was pretty cute I did I
didn't finish it but
fucking goblins what would a rich review
of the Mass Effect series son like if he
had never played three it has no ending
Dyanne fire Oh goblins are weak against
fire that's like it's like the
indoctrination Theory there's a fan
theory a popular fan theory that the
ending of Mass Effect is is really just
some kind of hallucination because the
Reapers are brainwashing you and and in
that case you have exchanged a terrible
ending for no ending proponents of the
indoctrination theory gave themselves
nothing
I get it they're getting meta rich
they're getting meta still a better
ending somehow yes so not having an
ending is better than yes yes but it's
still terrible okay
rich is only on mass effect as people
keep asking about it yes
I can't wait for Andromeda to go away ah
Vytas oh cool this is not working well
this is not working try fire I think I
could be a magician jack what all right
use it myself
Thelma's no satisfying ending just like
real life
well if I wanted real life I wouldn't be
playing a fucking video game video game
fantasy adventure that's the whole point
hey rich there's a crash to desktop
spell are you kidding so like you know
we learned that one the haste yeah yeah
revive haste you do nope oh wait wait no
that's not how I did I forget right why
to cast it on yourself oh it's got a
different robe did you did you just die
I don't know
yeah I did I just died defeated okay
yeah oh how silly okay that's very silly
that they would do such a thing okay to
have to talk to the funny exclamation
point lady again I do
why a firefighter
what has a better ending with no man's
sky Mass Effect 3 or Revenge of the Sith
I know Mass Effect 3 is on the bottom of
that list no come on no man's sky has a
no ending yeah I know that's still
better than the Mass Effect ending
terrible your arch enemy talks you into
committing horrible disgusting suicide
because they were right all along
cuz they were right all along
actually not your archenemy
it's really a character that's just
introduced in the last 10 minutes of the
game who I guess is kind of in charge
oh he but is he also your archenemy
saygus technically this is part of the
reaper thing but the character was never
mentioned until the ending of the game
you know oh well your final your villain
do an epic this 120 hour adventure to be
introduced in the last 10 minutes that's
always a good idea the doomsday problem
god I do yes I did see no clips next
next documentary is all about the
witness as part of their series of
mysterious games they did their thing on
frog fractions recently now they're
doing something on the witness you know
I'm sure it's gonna be a great
documentary even though I didn't much
care for the game
best moment in the Mass Effect series
cutting them all up on camera
ya know I can just fire huh
a happy ending mod I have heard about
that it doesn't change the fact that the
rest of the games kind of bad doesn't
get rid of the deus ex machina de yes
it's it's de Deus machina stay us ex I
made a us I'm pretty sure it's how it's
pronounced there's a deus ex machina
yeah it doesn't get rid of that yeah and
it doesn't change the fact that the last
mission is like the dullest mission in
the series so it's still an anti and
extreme anti climax
mmm-hmm because my suspect is still a
bad game outside of the ending Mass
Effect 3 sure even if they nailed that
end even if they nailed the ending if
they if they had nailed the ending yeah
it would have been the equivalent of
Return of the Jedi all around less
satisfying but it was good enough okay
it kind of stuck the landing I'll go
back and play number two yeah skip how
much ham libbing did we shoot for horse
ninja we shot the entire discussion with
Freddie before he filmed anything with
Lenny so they had pretty much the entire
review portion with us talking was
ad-libbed can I can I be real with you
for a second yeah I have never
understood this whole Sarah Jessica
Parker it looks like a horse thing I
don't care it was a mid for a good joke
I wasn't oh no no I wasn't legitimately
for the record I wasn't legitimately
trying to put surrogate none of us were
trying to put her down but there's that
whole running thing that's the no no
that and that's always been the joke
with her I've never got like I Dana I
don't think she's an attractive lady but
it's like I've never understood this
whole there's a bit with her and Ed Wood
do I really look like a horse that's
probably word comes from no no no it was
it was long before yeah yeah that's been
her running gag but that's been a
grunting gay against her for forever
I've just never ever understood it it's
a lazy jerk ma T we're not perfect
works for the horse ninja trailer we
were fucking ad-libbing
distr says speaking of magic oh it's
just me or as magical dispel from
ducktales hot it was just you she looked
like a cartoon duck so not only cartoon
that was a cartoon duck yes just putting
that out there
look Jessica Rabbit was a card too and
she was hot she was not a duck it was
not an actual dark no no you want to use
five elements in all spells for most
damage even the same element five times
does more damage okay and with it
fire this is not bad nope that goblin
was slapping his button
okey-dokey great that's good to know
I learned to rain confused oh I should
try to confuse that could be fun
that could be fun yes is it neat finding
new combinations for stuff I don't know
we're gonna find out so just confuse
them then one in the back you got oh
he's got question marks over his head
and somebody else hit him might might
work against like something bigger fire
like if you got like a big ogre or
something I don't have their big ogres
in this oh yeah well that's an
electrocution yeah if I could shoot some
electric beams at their ass well these
guys are they get hurt more by fire
let's actually do a pretty great job
let's try this oh yeah that's that's the
shed Jack that seems to really that's
the shit
yeah confused could work against an ogre
confused could work doo doo doo doo doo
I can see where the fun wood would be in
co-opting this well I'm gonna hook this
up no you can keep dad I'm still
figuring out if you the fair you said
hey listen if you die I will hate you
okay
it's cute you know what this game is
cute hello villagers okay
altameyer saying Jack you were horse
ninja on the phone talking on the phone
weren't you no he was not no you know
why because when when when Lana has an
acting role he takes that to the limit
it was 100% Len 100% Len in the horse
mask I do appear in the horse ninja and
you can probably guess who it is now
because it's the only other person I'm
holding the boom mic that was my big job
what they speak in kind of a funny way
yeah yeah there's a grams workshop
obviously it's I'm gonna take on Games
Workshop holy fuck
did that kill me trying to kill me so
you just get infinite lives
no no vent so you fail
Wow all right so don't be too close to
the exploding ones with the bombs listen
I'm still figuring this out is there
like wind can you like combined wind
into water for like freezing well I have
a fret just of freezing oh I kind of
wear freeze the bomb ones oh I first I
didn't know which ones were the bomb
ones but I thought it probably wasn't a
big bomb sack on the back jack why were
you credited as being horse ninja was he
I was credited as being involved
involved with I was credited as being an
actor okay
okay he's guy holding boom mic hem guy
holding boom mic why I might have been
first accredited first maybe that's
where the confusion comes from maybe
maybe I believe I'm credited first and
you know was there any discussion on
whether or not to credit London for the
horse ninja review did anyone want to
leave him out of the credits to stick to
the joke no I don't believe there was
any conversation like that at least none
that I heard Ben know really great
reason for it I I'm surprised they they
listed us in the credits I am yeah I I
figured they would stick with the joke
yeah that would be a question to ask
Mike and Jamie I'm not sure which one of
them editor don't know if might get
eternity edited yeah you know you can do
it he's blown right up
you know what fire lightning yeah that's
what I did
yeah I can't get too close all right oh
no oh no you're slowed down I'm slow
down because too many spells get off me
there we go
fire lightning fight then oh wait no
that's not you do it it said they both
it okay okay I don't know who did
probably one of them did the review and
one of them did the full ride oh why
isn't he on fire there we go
there we go
what you were walking next to the bombs
that were on the ground oh damn it
there's a lot of stuff being edited
right now I don't know who was exactly
doing one mm-hmm
there's so much stuff being edited I
took care of the guys oh oh oh no you
can you can drive you can definitely
drown yeah so one of them edited the
review portion out I would assume and
then I would assume I have no idea how
that really went down oh that would just
be practical
yeah and then the other the other
focused on sticking in the relevant
parts into whack a crack fire fire get
off me nope too close
what Jack Bodie what would you say the
odds of Len being in an episode of best
of the worst art I mean any low right
lens already been in an epic lens
already been in an episode yes yeah why
and why do that twice why would we do
that twice that's the real question
probably won't be the next one though if
he is if he is I have no idea you know
there's no way to know there's no way to
know one there's no way to know -
there's just no way to know the fight
scenes in horse ninja looked not
terrible did Len choreograph those says
listen alpha-alpha ketta the trip i'll
put K 2 alpha K death trap
well you know if you have like you know
land around who is a professional fight
choreographer why would you why would
you want to use them for that
why would you do that but also
Christopher is a fight choreographer oh
yeah yeah Christopher the other guy I
didn't know he did that - he did he does
it locally he does fight choreography
locally so not to put it of course I
know I just didn't know that oh yeah
they were talking about it during during
the shoot a lot I shoulda played oh
that's right you did show yeah yeah yeah
and so like they kind of figured it out
together you know like Mike Jay and I
were all just kind of like hey this
would kind of look cool Mike of court
Mike and Jay knew all of the stuff that
was supposed to be happening in the in
the story and then it was just like yeah
this could be fun this could be cool
Richard snark level is higher than
usually bad day good day I love snark
have you don't fall in the water
I see the bomb I see the bomb running
away tiny jack freeze this fuckers why
do that when I can just boil up
okay great so now this time I won't jump
off the pier try and freeze the water
well I could do that I'm gonna shock
freezes separate from water you think
they but you know we'd like to be clever
to combine two things to get freezing
you know added gameplay
that's it this doesn't look like it goes
anywhere oh no its melting and I'm stuck
watching the shirt not the pure walk to
the shore walk to the shore again son of
a bitch son of a bitch game relevant
horse ninja credits
that's just like a quarter of a million
combinations you can do we've read do
you know anyone who still pays for
America Online no I do not
is that still a thing yeah like I know
it's still a website but can't like are
they still a service provider I don't
that and I doubt they do that right
actually they love it could be under by
now I haven't heard about them going
under completely yeah you think it'd be
like RadioShack when you hear about it
it's like why didn't this happen sooner
right it's so shocking they were still
around it's a news story see this might
be where you're confused comes in handy
oh yeah no I'm just saying like what
kind of five can I get so I have ice so
I can't put fire in there I have ice
busts well maybe we can I put water no
water okay listen I'm trying to figure
out all the different things I can put
in my spell let's see this
nope yslow yeah
why are you melting a model of ice I
thought it might do extra damage I don't
know I don't know I got this check out
this it seems weak lightning that seemed
to do a better job I want to try to
confuse them confuse is beam shield and
lightning and running away what did i do
what did i do did I can what did I do
you didn't confuse him you get a hint
you what some kind of weird bomb attack
right oh my god no that's right I don't
think you're confused I don't think I'm
confusing him are you hitting why oh
that's why no you got a hit you have to
be apparently though if I have that
combination I drop bombs
well the confuse you sometimes you
finally you used area of attack Oh dad
what's that shield of fire shield fire
rock who says it sets up a little
blockade okay so now what's confused I
would you know what I would do
freedom then hit them with some rocks
that's what's gonna do bonus if anything
does bonus damage it gets frozen it's
gonna be rocks okay I'm with you shield
and lightning now he's confused
so now we're gonna freeze him
running away and then fire fire rock
rock rock why are you putting any fire
in there you just melted him you just
thought him out
don't stop putting water in there those
are water separated fire in there
oh that rocket I'm pretty good ground
isn't super effective against ice okay
well I put up a shield that's neat can
you shoot through the shield oh this
seems like once you once you like get a
good feel for the combos useful combos
oh yeah this could be really super
fucking fun oh yeah and you like on the
gamepad it's actually not so bad just
learning the combinations like yes one
is which it's not so bad I could see how
being on a keyboard this would be a ton
faster get him what then lightning that
sounds good
oh you didn't you didn't pick that one
till now I'm just not a natural life so
try with these guys yeah
oh yeah that does a lot more damage fire
fire fire break free
work
we checked out any other games and
paradoxes library if we if we haven't
been paying attention to who did it
possibly I think I've done something
else they've they've made actually
didn't they do Helldivers I have no idea
paradox is this not the Helldiver stuff
I think I might have just healed that
one does this game make me like Wizards
fictionally no as a fun gameplay
mechanic yes
yeah so trying to figure out sounds like
if you do like rock shield cuz this this
game is just like Helldivers this game
actually has some I know it does I know
it does I only say that half jokingly
it's like I think once once you're good
at this like like this can can control
areas since sense of humor perspective
twin-stick kind of vaguely twin-stick
there's a little bit more complicated
than just pointing and shooting though
yeah yeah oh yeah this guy could
definitely see this being made by the
Helldivers group fire rock shield then
you get a little barricade here that
they have to work that with now look
they that you set themselves on fire
like a bunch of assholes they did this
the sequel and Helldivers they mainly
our co-op there's a sequel to this that
I believe is more multiplayer centric
Rock fire fire blow it up yeah this
would be very good with cooperation I
can see that I can see that working
maybe maybe in a future stream oh wow
you do it it's a bit late for me to
learn how to play the game but I think
we I think we can come back to this
water cast water hey I did it I did it
rich did you've ever listened to love
line a few times yes
it's a radio show where kids would call
in about their various relationship
issues or drug addictions it was an odd
combination I listen a love line I
listen to love line though you know what
that was a fine show very if that was a
very mpre show I remember when Adam
Carolla was funny
damn not close enough
fucking die whoo-hoo okay
I'm making it do you have infinite lives
no I think you only have you only have
like two at any given time and I think
it takes a while for your fairy to come
back like you're okay okay so no if you
died twice in quick succession then you
have to start like the from the
checkpoint yeah yeah
handsome Rob's is rich I finally played
vanquish god damn was it amazing most
underappreciated game possibly ever yes
set up giant log that is a giant fire
Jack fire oh I was just gonna go to
there's a cave over there I was gonna go
to oh I guess that works too but did you
do that weak-ass fire really a giant
fucking along you just do nothing
the road is black so let's find another
way around oh no god damn it invisible
walls or just walls in this case
get off me rich what are your thoughts
in the Deus Ex universe while not gonna
pretend to be a Deus Ex expert I haven't
even finished mankind or not Mike how
was the human revolution because other
games we needed to play he got in the
way but as a universe all I could I was
enjoying it I was digging it yeah I
didn't play I didn't play mankind
divided I didn't get there oh yeah that
was when I was like a lot of people say
it's bad we're messy horrid deus ex fans
oh yeah well then there you go so yeah
now got my fairy with me so I can I say
it feels unfinished Kali ma no Jack no
shield but if she'll buy yourself time
doing it I'm doing it that's not what I
wanted to do lightning lightning fire
fire no it's great but it ends suddenly
oh well okay the ending came so suddenly
I wasn't expecting it hey free
motherfuckers shit
take care of these fucking archers
is it is it unfinished because it's a
prequel and the original Deus Ex had to
really wrap up those plot threads was
the problem that was trying to be a
prequel very possible lund flack since
qisas jack what is the best couple from
lost and why is it Desmond and penny
oh I've also never read a comic book
what are some good tentpole comics to
read never read a comic book that's not
terribly shocking that's that's just how
many issues if any kind of you they sold
you know it's a dying industry but it's
like that's such an open-ended question
where it's like I don't even know where
to tell you this what start
what are your interest like I could tell
you preacher is like the best thing ever
but if you're like really religious so
god that'd be a mistake right like what
are you into in distance superheroes the
end of the psychics why the last man
that that ends in oh and a whimper why
why limps to the finish line you know
what what kind of stuff do you like
reading about I I've been really
enjoying Harbinger which is a comic
about people with psychic abilities I
think it has really interesting and
complicated characters The Watchmen is
great I'm not sure it's baby's first
comic Clark oh no that is not something
the Watchmen is not a good first comic
it's it's it's a deconstruction of
something you're not familiar with this
right right what else is good but
there's I mean there's a lot there's a
lot of good man I don't know there's a
lot of good in the world
as far as comics are concerned ultimate
spider-man
ooh ultimate spider-man you can you can
get pretty far into ultimate spider-man
before you have to modern ultimate or
like the original ultimate like miles or
Peter Parker peanut well oh yeah Peter
Parker okay yeah if you didn't start
start with Peter Parker ultimate
spider-man so that was a great series
all-star Superman that was some fun
stuff oh shit I woke up another troll oh
that's not what I wanted that's what I
wanted to fire animus prime says Jack
yeah thank you for answering my video
creator questions probably while you
were on break taking a dump
what I said I said rich since Len was
there does that mean we are going to see
the shoes and lose again no I don't I
don't think the choose and lose exists
anymore
the thing was everything was fucking
made out of paper wasn't that built to
last
blob Jesus watching the Rick and Morty
season premiere and it's glorious
do you guys have a favorite episode lol
Rick my Morty oh god I don't have a
fucking favorite the unity episode is
pretty damn good but there are a lot of
really good Rick and Morty episodes the
love-potion gone wrong that's that's
pretty fun the ending is the ending of
that is great
oh the memory parasites yeah that look
there's a lot of fuckin good Rick if you
can just name anyone and yeah that's
that's up there and they're running for
best one it's just a damn fine show come
on
what did I do I didn't conjure lightning
though son of a bitch what did you
actually think of Mass Effect Andromeda
I am never going to play it that part of
the review dead honest
shit
rich but what about anything you heard
of it the only thing I know is the
facial animations are fucked up I don't
give a shit
hey I now hate that universe I am very
bitter about it obviously I died
horribly in Mass Effect 3 I don't exist
in Mass Effect Andromeda horribly and
unsatisfactorily
Richmond you have played it if Shepard
returned no it's too late it's dead stop
asking me about it that's why we made
the video what was my favorite sunset
hey I haven't ranked sunsets
yeah but I'm I am I am the equivalent of
a battered housewife and I don't care
but how much my spouse claims they have
changed their ways yeah I am NOT taking
them back that's that's the correct call
rich you are strong independent a strong
independent woman yes and there is no
forgiveness in my heart as there should
not be I feel the same way about Doctor
Who by the way yeah yeah doctor who is
such a great show for so long and then
it just kept consistently getting worse
and worse and worse and and eventually
you know like you'reyou're watching
Doctor Who and it's so bad and you're
like why am I even fucking watching this
anymore because you're you're you're
battered housewife
Oh
I'm looking for that just just an
interesting comment about just literally
anything else I could talk about
literally anything else
AJ pimp salsas thanks again for the
great dissol to review guys when you
guys reviewed blood-borne you said it
might be a system buying game is breath
the wild worth purchasing the switch for
thanks it might be it might be the the
issue with Zelda breath of the wild is
you can also get it for the Wii U and
that would be cheaper than buying a
switch the question is is do you think
there's going to be anything coming out
in the future you might want a switch
form or is the portability a factor for
you
but I mean if you're if you're not if
you're not hard up for cash I I would
say yes it is a system seller question
is which system
when Jack is busy fighting a snake I'm
fighting a big snake if you like the
idea of gaming on the go it's a it's a
great Zelda game you should get the
Zelda game where you get it is up to you
man
I played Batman Arkham origins
yes I like it better than Arkham Knight
the problem with Arkham origins is that
it's essentially the exact fucking same
map as Arkham City if they sold that as
like a expansion pack like a really a
really elaborate DLC I don't think
people would have hated on Arkham
origins yeah yeah they sold it as a
separate game but it's it's it's the
greatest add-on of all time is the is
game problem there we go there we go now
you're on fire it works even though they
didn't get kevin conroy or Mark Hamill
for it oh wow that's not something
that's saying a lot
how do the snakes wait man
Arkham night worst Arkham game uh yeah
as a game as a story I think it's kind
of cool as a game it's it's really a
step down from all of the other Arkham
games which you know the end result
makes it okay good that's a good start
you know the gameplay isn't terrible
it's just dumbed down and the Batmobile
is just stupid but they fucking like oh
god the stealth is so just so dumb down
multi take down multi take down large
map with two guys multi take down it's
gotta be a better way to deal with this
guy is arkham knight worth it for
someone who never played any Arkham game
if you're a huge Batman fan yes if
you're not play one of the other Arkham
games because the Batmobile bits are
really just terrible they should have
fucking called that game tank commander
lame tank commander puzzle tank
I'm wet rich have you read the original
amazing spider-man comics or where did
you start with the series um I just
started just by just reading some ninety
spider-man comic books cuz that was what
was new at the time when I was in the
comic book store yeah I started reading
around Eric Larson's run as artists but
as much as I love Eric Larson I love his
artwork when what really got me hooked
on spider-man though was you know this
is back when continuity mattered and
you'd see the blurbs referencing things
that happened in like past issues right
and that got me buying back issues and
what what I really fell in love with
were like 80s era spider-man comic books
Roger Stern's run Roger stern and
junior-junior
Oh fucking love those issues that's what
made me love spider-man interesting and
as far as the original because you know
it's still ongoing it's still the
original amazing spider-man right well
it may have changed the numbering by now
I know they switched the numbering at
some point but then they went back to
the old numbering like you know issue
600 or whatever they got up to they
probably rebooted since then and it's
number ones but I've I've read all of
the Stan Lee did Co comics I them the
Marvel master works oh yeah those are
fun and you know what those are really
easy to collect I'd get one of those in
like a Christmas or a birthday because
those were expensive back in the day the
hardcover ones
oh yeah the hardcover ones are still is
that was like that was like Christmas or
birthday presents yeah but now they have
they have like paperback the essentials
these are black and white though they're
white they're great they're still great
stories a lot of fun
Steve Ditko's artist is really really
good for making you feel like young
Peter Parker is just in over his head it
looks like he's about to break yeah at
any given moment with Steve Ditko and
then as much as I can appreciate John
Romita senior it just looks like soap
opera art after that happy-go-lucky
Peter that as much as that's the iconic
spider-man look that that book loses its
old for a while
Stanley's phoning it in and and John
Romita Jr a senior is just drawing
pretty people
there's goddamn background in romance
comics shining through hey can I not do
this then I confuse the big snake
I would love to confuse the big snake
but rich Evans knows that spider-man
should be dark and gritty it's a balance
spider-man is a balancing act always has
been
spider-man's about the highs and lows
the ups and the downs the quips and the
guilts you need you need that little bit
of drama to make it real the fun and the
pressure yeah well that's the thing
that's why you need that drama is is he
needs to have he needs to be a normal
kid with a normal life and that's what
makes him going out on these adventures
is so fantastical
I gotta use beam-weapons let's try a
fire beam well that kind of did some
damage
it only does damage on his head though
and I don't exactly know how to hit him
in the head that's no problem rich
I'm sorry jack can you can even like
freeze him or something huh Keith no no
cuz though his body won't freeze Yeah
right and so I'm trying to find like the
right thing that'll take him down and I
can't quite figure it out thanks for
answering my questions have you read the
Peter Parker ultimate spider-man and do
you like it as much at first
ultimate spider-man the Peter Parker
version not the Miles Morales which I
have not read not saying it's bad I have
just have not read it starts off great
it starts off like kind of no in the
spirit of the old classic spider-man
comics but just more detailed like
ultimate spider-man actually made me
give a shit about Ben Parker as a
character before they killed him off oh
yeah no and you know what great art
great arts but then Begley yeah Mark
Bagley Begley that's great great fucking
great artists great at drawing action
Bagley his spider-man is fluid the
Spider Man has always feels like he's in
motion yeah Todd McFarlane would he draw
spider-man he seemed like a series of
static images mark Merck Bagley's
spider-man felt like he was jumping
across the page yeah so basically
ultimate starts off it's a slow pace you
have to read it in larger chunks you
have to get like the collect you can't
read it it's very hard to read it's like
individual issues not that anyone would
do that now anyway right but starts off
great and then Michael Brian Bendis
makes the mistake of every single story
arc has to be the most dramatic thing
that has ever happened and he he he he
never lets it slow down and have fun
ultimate spider-man and that's the
downfall of the book does every every
story arc has to be the worst thing that
has ever happened and eventually it just
becomes too exhausting to read yeah
the first 20 to 30 issues though some of
the best spider-man ever written
oh yeah easily and I kept reading I read
all the original run the the firt the
bay Bendis Bagley run I read all of 100
issues of the Bendis Bagley run
Bendis was the writer yeah Brian Michael
Bendis and you know I was like was I
saying it the other way around Michael
Brian Bendis I don't know Mark Brian
Michael Mark Bagley and Brian Michael
Bendis Brian Michael Bendis and Bendis
has written a lot did you read his
powers book I know I know you have and
you enjoyed it yeah it's fine it's fine
book I was ultra disappointed with the
PlayStation original but it's it's it's
briefly and by briefly you get like you
know 30 issues before it really starts
getting exhausting yeah it's some of the
best spider-man ever written yeah
yeah good good books that'd be it you
know what that'd be a good place to
start the ultimate books good arts good
stories ultimate spider-man that's a
great place to start
rich what freaked me about vanquish was
a character had the same first and last
name as me yeah has that ever happened
to you not with a game but and some kind
of like you know one of them in his
Disney phase Kurt Russell plays a
character called rich Evans I think I
knew that so Kurt Russell had the honor
of playing rich Evans yes rich
so you don't little lion is the ultimate
spider-man becomes asked when they start
doing their version of the Clone Saga oh
my god yeah once you get ultimate
carnage yeah once you get to ultimate
carnage - stop reading the book is dead
just start it off I'm done are you done
done I can't play this okay this i this
i'm sure it's me i'm not chat i need you
to settle down because i'm about to say
something
I'm sure this fight was my fault like I
am NOT saying anything negative about
the game but like you saw me whittle
away self I'm sure I was doing something
wrong right but I don't have it in me to
figure out what I was doing wrong yeah
to make this a good fight so probably
probably like those landmines like when
he comes up he gets hit with a landmine
oh maybe yeah maybe that but that snake
fight I was talking I was fighting with
that snake most of the time and then I
died at the end Oh Jack you still watch
you girl yes I think about giving up on
it don't give up on Supergirl you can
give up on any of those super girls
still pretty good even though they're
going through a whole like love story
thing right now they're going through a
whole like Romeo and Juliet thing where
she's a girl from Krypton and a boy from
Dax 'im is uh they're falling in love
and and his Dax and my parents just came
back and like Dax him and Krypton were
sister planets but opposite in every way
you know talking about like do I ever
Krypton
Krypton was all about like kindness and
science and Dax and was all about
debauchery and partying but she's like
teaching him how to be a good person and
he wants to hang out with Supergirl but
his parents wants him to return to Dax
um to rebuild their empire but he's not
going to because he wants to stay with
Supergirl so we all know how it's going
to end by the way I oh no I like Monell
has been a great character by the way
because he's like he's very light
hearted but here's and I haven't seen
anything
recently I haven't seen the last few
episodes but I will tell you exactly how
it's going to end they're gonna they're
already in love they're dating yeah and
they're gonna fall super in love and
super girls gonna say I can't go on
without you and he's gonna he's gonna
say hit listen I need to return to daksa
m-- to teach my people how to be good
like you super girl or he decided to say
what super girl and then he does we
could die
I think he's gonna return to back some
to be like the ultimate good guy to be
like I'm gonna leave my people the right
way is there he's the Prince of daksa
isn't there weakness like iron like you
know Kryptonians a weak to kryptonite
method axons they're weak to iron irons
like everywhere
oh I that hasn't been brought up in
super okay okay that could be but no III
can sense it coming so much cuz his evil
parents showed up oh god it'll be a
cheap wedding ring that kills him Oh
head leg your right leg thank you
lead the weak leg oh my god so if he
just gets shot with a blade shot with a
fucking bullet it's all over jackal
that's hilarious
that's hilarious but super girls super
girls really fun the flash has been good
they are weak to lead and can't see
through kryptonite Oh Oh old school DC
you are so adorable they are they silver
age they they just did a real that just
did a really cheesy thing and that's
saying something for a flash and
Supergirl they just did a really cheesy
thing with flash and Supergirl both sure
both shows were getting a little both
shows were getting a little deep we're
getting a little dark a lot of really a
lot of relationship problems a lot of
on-again off-again relationship problems
both the flash and Supergirl and so they
did a flash Supergirl crossover episode
with the music Meister yeah the person
who can hypnotize you and put you in a
musical for the sole purpose of getting
them over
both of them over their relationship
issues okay it does like nothing for the
story both of them were in a bad place
with their partners and now they're like
super happy and in love again just
because I think the show saw that it was
it was dealing with that too much like
how do we end this
okay how can we end this in the
cheesiest way possible a musical a
musical let me get through the tips oh
yeah sorry no no no problem you're
talking about interesting things keep
talking about interesting things I just
don't want to forget this toilet box is
rich have you gone back and played
either of the first two mass effect
games Mass Effect 3 burn the art to the
Mass Effect 2 still holds up see why I
have to keep talking for the for the
80th time I tried playing the older Mass
Effect games once it felt like going to
a funeral it wasn't an enjoyable
experience the series the franchise is
dead to me this Audubon 941 says hey
rich and Jack after missing the
bandwagon I played the pacifist runs
undertale and can't stop thinking about
it
any thoughts on the game after some time
PS save me some juicy shack meat mm-hmm
I enjoy that it's a cute game secure
games cute game I have no I don't think
we have to save any more to do the
actual ending and fortunately I wanted I
wanted to go back to it and and I have
no no urge at all to go back to it it
was like it was cute I liked it all the
voices we did mm-hmm I think if I would
have played that on my own I wouldn't
have made it as far as we did but
because we were doing the voices I had a
great time so yeah it was cute it's
clever its clever and I could appreciate
the effort agreed agreed
evil art David says hey reg David here I
refuse to play the new Mass Effect for
similar reasons and have protested the
new game in my own way
I encourage you to hurt to refer to it
as Mass Effect I'm done with you okay
all right all right I'm done with good
god father 42
have you read the annihilation event
which relaunched cosmic marvel great art
great stories led to Nova and then
guardians of the galaxy well I have not
been reading comic books for a long time
kind of reads comic books a little bit
yeah but I don't like space comics you
know like space comics I don't like
space comics that is not like space
comics which is weird what no you know
why cuz space comics space comics get
too big and and after a while like when
you are fighting literal incarnations of
gods I just can't I can no longer
connect to those characters is there a
little bit too much superhero in with
your science fiction you know that's
maybe the problem because you know I
mean I like Star Trek yeah I really
enjoy Star Trek I really enjoy a hard
science fiction but then you know
superhero tales are just supposed to be
this like empowerment fantasy and when
you have someone punching I don't know a
God of anger or whatever it's I can't I
can't be there I can't be there rich
would you play Star Wars The Old
Republic now that it's free because it
has great voice acting and great stories
yeah because there's nothing I love more
than Bioware and Star Wars rich you love
the entire Star Wars universe you said
this on multiple occasions you're such a
big star wars fans they're fine as all I
needed you know what they're three
really good I got that there's a three
really good movies - two of them are
fucking amazing movies one okay movies
okay they need to be okay what is okay
what it need to be okay and then few
great games TIE fighter in the dark
forces seriously I'm done that's all I
need get it out of a face I don't like
Jedi's they're stupid
I don't like monks fucking hate mugs
check they don't even need to be
training like they hang out with Yoda
for a week and that's all the training
they need because the magic magic magic
magic I'm not sure the prequels then you
need to be trained in tiny where a
tadpole or won't stick her oh it's thick
right
it would be great if we could all learn
classic classic yeah I'm super strong
now hello man so you're gonna subscribe
today
god dammit okay see what up man just
said something that's not even worth
repeating he just grub lub-dub no
repeats that over and over again no
problem there I read your tip kind of
dumb we know that that's from a thing he
said that from a show okay well thank
you for the tip though now is the time
in which we will thank all the people
who subscribe to us listening to rich
just like listening to Judy Garland
tapes after she went crazy yeah okay so
this is the point in which we thank all
the people who subscribe to us during
this dream much like Kay's 87 for twenty
eight fucking months in a row and Kay's
87 says still playing Zelda even though
I beat the main story and got all
shrines two weeks ago all the shrines
that's impressive two weeks ago that's
impressive yes purple space bazooka 26
fucking months in a row says hey guys 26
months in a row and I'm grateful to be a
part of this wonderful hack Ferrari
thank you for everything you do you're
welcome Chakotay has culture bradster
made Toad decimals first 17 months in a
row so decimals says happy 17th
anniversary next month we can finally
make porn
18 years not ten months before you're of
age that's a whole yeah big difference
between 17 months and years less you're
talking about like a cosmic or geologic
time when there's not much of a
difference at all
strange I'd be very strange it's
unbelievably large amount of time for
like like a fruit fly
they can't even conceive of a month
that's true that's true
the the this is the time scale scales
just this guy you know 27 fucking months
in a row oh you missed regice regice
cubes hiding undertow decimal it looks
like hard like this the deal anyway look
like part of the tip dimension doesn't
writing the the sentence that's fine
dysphoria blues
Atticus Rex and Atticus Rex says I
watched ghost in the shell' this morning
and I thought it kind of sucked there's
one before that there's one no but said
this guy's gonna be an eye because we
start with a capital yeah I am Brazil
and gobbledygook who has subscribed to
us for 37 fucking months even get that
towards the camera you know we can't
keep doing this every time cuz it's
gonna it's gonna get to a point where
like a third of the people over the 36
months jack we can't well I'm not
cleaning that up every damn stream what
well I what we talked about was just on
36 36 we missed 36 for gobbledygook so
he gets it on 37 but wait
it was happening new on 36 well that's
the new this is the first one we've seen
that's been over 36 is the first one
unfortunately whatever reason we missed
the 32 missed the 36 but so for every
one for the 36 we'll get a champagne
popper and now rich we have to think of
something for 37 mr. Govan against mr.
you mr. just see how much fun it is
already gobbledygook says over three
years of laughs sincere cheer give it up
to a great crew love general gar says
rich could you at some point
talk about your your little options on
gaming mice with adjustable dpi lol FMC
I I just I don't do anything too fancy I
just got a logitech what is the GFI I
forget well that that's that's that's
not the one I have at home
okay what's the g600 the g5 it's kind of
number I don't remember what the fucking
number is goddamnit
no I've been using it for years mm-hm
which one is it which one is it my Pasha
tech gaming mouse I don't know because
they because it's just a stupid number
and it's not a memorable name right you
know for me a lot of gaming mice have a
lot of thumb buttons but I like the ones
with extra finger buttons yeah I don't
like the thumb but there's just multiple
dpi settings and you just change it with
a button press yeah those are nice I
have a nice cheap gaming mouse it works
great
is it streaming it is which is looking
up his gaming mouse but it is ending we
are we are we have we're yeah we're
we're reading the subscribing it up
better buy another one
Kyle stop someone it sooner or later
right I mean it's not gonna come up with
something better
the g700 that's it why'd you take g700
is the one I use at home lots of buttons
I like I like programmable buttons
that's that's a large part of my gaming
mouse decision-making yeah yeah yeah
that's got four buttons on the size
sides I use them all yeah as use all
four buttons and then you got the ones
that are like the giant keypads button
on the side there's just too many
buttons yeah there's something with like
a dozen that's meant for like wow
real-time strategy or League of Legends
yeah I have I have ones with
programmable buttons up on the top no
buttons on the phone yes just on that's
not because I like to grip it with my
thumb and then all the extra buttons for
my fingers on top yeah so I think you
rush your thumb on the side without
pushing in on the buttons that's it's
not I can't
general Gore uh-oh so Euler's number
megi 64 says happy birthday rich Evans
it is not my birthday
it's not even close hair pulling thank
you when it is your birthday happy but
it is my birthday I remember that and
keep that in mind
hair pull I was in Rome was a robe you
know I think she's roga no Road no space
Como 431 fucking months in a row says I
want that Moulin shesh Wan dipping sauce
Magnus PU 26 fucking months in a row
aimless course sir
insulin King 2016
says five months this makes the insulin
sweet and run thickest honey and all is
good on a serious note my wife found out
she is pregnant today an honor of you
all I propose we name it red letter
media that would be a horrible mistake
the worst thing you can do the worst
thing but almost almost as bad as naming
him Anakin I know I know you like Star
Wars but don't name your child after a
fictional serial killer I didn't even
think about that Anakin well I'm just
saying Anakin's a dumb man I named my
son after a fictional character who
murders children I just think it was a
dumb name
Anakin that's just a dumb name also
congratulations being a fat man 873 for
12 months in a row Qatar stars for 15
months and Roses sweet couch snap says
push scientists man oh man 1978 says
thanks meets that damn hippie for 28
fucking months in a row that same hippie
says I have been watching these guys
this long alright I know it's weird as
we're just so entertaining it flies
right by Elger not sergeant mop alger no
you got right al turn up I got old man
eyes the tiny tech sardonic mutation
Gino suave says hello my disk Jimmy Mick
awesome or axial 2051 vero uh rebel base
rebel bases been watching for longer but
I'm happy to get all of this content
from you guys welcome poop dick 507 nine
for nine months
yo you guys should play whatever you
want but play rocket League of them and
all we love rocket league they're coming
out with a fast and furious DLC Oh Drive
the fast and furious cars poke Alex in
the eyes makes sense it does but they're
kind of bringing cars yeah too fun
they're not like super fun yeah like the
back things like the DeLorean right I
really blew their water with a lime why
you got the DeLorean you don't need
anything else
ass not what prereq can do for you ask
what you can do for prereq Queen of the
One Ring that's a penny sky dandy for
thirty fucking months in a row a
Michelle 87 for 31 fucking months in a
row the blue prism top Robins twenty
five fucking months in a row says I need
another best of the worst guys one just
came out when was the last one come on
last week ago we gonna have another all
away the service two on the way just two
on the way and more stuff and there's
still more stuff that we have already
shot I guarantee you there are two and
editing yeah that's true that's true
Bob G M tilts right yep and tilt says hi
pineapple Yeti says feel feel good man
ping dot PNG feel good man dot PNG okay
last Napoleon cool Trainor Lee Hendy
says so hyped for my lightning-fast VCR
repair sure to come in the mail this
week awesome congratulations awesome
Theodore J Hooker 31 months and roses
whoo 31 fucking months in a row there we
go
Wilkins the clown for twenty six fucking
months in a row oz Baxter levied on City
without me
dr. gunther hooter hanker for 18 months
in a row says i don't know what to say
rich and Jack will read this it's my
only chance to impress this had better
be good we failed
atomic mousetrap thank you for
subscribing
we really appreciate I got to blow my
what you want to you really think I want
to make more of a mess you want a light
one off to end it you want to think I
want to make more of a mess on our
goddamn you know just just stop don't I
gotta clean this shit I got a I got a
that was great
