Apr 7, 2017
20XX, Spelunky
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/137752942
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/137754213
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpxiyjJbdeY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDvUOsozY-k
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/850027707979243520
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/850424576941187075

[Part I]
I see the green were streaming line now
so maybe now we've started why isn't the
game popping up important question no
this is freaking out because I minimized
it what all right well the game is
crashed yes it might not like being
minimized that's fine that's fine we're
launching it again see what happens you
know what my favorite part of the whole
Pizza Hut Taco Bell thing is is you
mentioned specifically in in the
demolition man video the whole Pizza Hut
talked about thing yet there are still
people in the comments going you know
I'm from Europe and actually they don't
was in the video
whose Pizza Hut they say the opening and
they start making a comment they haven't
watched the whole video yet that's what
it is I just don't understand that why
would you do that why would you talk
about you know what yeah I'd know
something that you do but you didn't
watch it long enough to know that we did
know I great whatever it's fine
everything's fine
has everyone how's everyone doing hi
everybody no no tonight mostly because
Jack forgot the capture card and that's
my bad play it at some other point that
games not gonna last us more than an
hour that and that's the other thing is
I played it for a little bit as we were
setting up and holy moly we are not
gonna get very long out of that and so
we figured we would take this
opportunity to look back on a game I
think they got rid of the starting
screen or just made like a tutorial yeah
anything look back on 20xx a game
that we are we haven't looked in on in a
while check it out
a little tutorial area it's fine
fine 23 minutes late yeah shit happens
you guys know ish it's all an ish time
it's all an issue time or here now we're
ready to rock and roll I just you know
to have such a good time easy if we read
that news today about the pop culture
thing did you read that news pop culture
news I didn't what the hell are you
referring to all the big pop culture
news and yeah what you know some sort of
something related to movies or comic
books you know that's it's pretty great
maybe games it was just a bit in my head
only so you're making something
completely up I'm cool oh yeah I'm sure
something yeah okay okay
I'm sure something has happened today
Don Rick yes yes Don Rickles comedy
comedy legend Don Rickles
glory glory an ace I get it Jack it's
not funny but I get it right and right
yeah the Scorpio specs got revealed for
the the new Xbox the new Xbox console
codenamed Scorpio yeah is is set to
become the most powerful console ever
which doesn't really say a lot because
it's just come out after so basically
week within a PC it looks impressive
respect to look very impressive but at
the end of the day at the end of the day
it's like a PC where you can't mind Xbox
Microsoft has complete control over all
of the products you purchase on it
there's no mouse support oh yeah yeah
I'm sold
Oh God have that 4k I'm sure it's gonna
have four kids and I hope yeah it just
doesn't man and it won't matter to
anyone if they continue to have their
games non console exclusives eventually
even hardcore Xbox one fans will be like
wait a minute I can play these games on
a PC and I can play other games they
won't you know they know they would have
done that years ago that were the case
no well no but years ago xbox had
exclusives okay okay so you know oh well
I need my xbox so I can play titanfall I
need my xbox so I can play this game or
that game but now that all of their
exclusives are going to the Windows
Store alright this is a shitty area you
just gotta get good eye
yeah well that's easier said than done
that's true fuckface what
on the CPU side there are in the and in
the Scorpio there are eight custom times
eighty six cores at 2.3 gigahertz
can i play doom with a mouse nope I
don't give a shit or you might be able
to write you know like on the ps4 there
are some games that offer mouth support
which was a constant comment for hours
for the horizon zero dawn review you
know some games you can have mice for
but not horizon zero dawn but at least
for the ps4 there are some games that
you can get which games I don't I don't
know they are we talking about like
shooters are we talking about like
real-time strategy games probably both
probably both I don't have a list you
know why if I'm gonna play game with a
mouse I'm gonna play it on a PC alright
I'm all kinds of shit at this game now
it's just gonna take you a couple deaths
couple deaths to get your mojo back talk
about Bucky's arms oh I'll talk about
Bucky arm fuck his arms all freaking day
you don't even know about Bucky's anti
mantium arms and yeah I've heard that
hold Sony spider-man thing I see the
chat talking about that have you heard
about the Sony spider-man thing a
spider-man thing sony Sony's threatening
to take spider-man out of future Marvel
Cinematic Universe films after if
threatening to take spider-man out of
the MCU after famous after whatever that
one's gone why because they're
incredibly dumb what oh that's kill me
or something Gloria you got a gloria
cheap though yeah there it was just like
well maybe we'll take them back you know
which and by the way it's just not gonna
happen
why they're stupid we've we've
established stupidity right oh so you
think they're stupid enough to let it
happen yeah
we'll see how much money they can get he
goes an idiocy it's not the film
business we go egos and idiocy a story
by rich Evans talk about let it die it's
free for ps4 you fucks I was pretty
mediocre we played it the plane it was
pretty mediocre if you're absolutely
desperate for a dark souls fix maybe but
it got old real fast the levels got
repetitive real fast if you need need
need of Dark Souls blood-borne fix then
maybe didn't do it for me even even at
free didn't do it for me then Sony will
have to reboot again yeah yeah that's
nothing I don't think they will they
just have to not mention the Marvel
Cinematic Universe after that sure
that's all they have to do so like you
do you think they're evil master plan
was like we'll get we'll get them in the
Marvel Cinematic Universe they'll
produce to make them good again then
we'll take our toy back after they've
fixed it up yeah yeah interesting that
wouldn't shock me one little bit hmm
yeah I mean as long as who's the new one
Tom Middleton is that his name is that
the new spider-man yeah as long as Tom
Middleton's on board it'll still count
he likes money yeah
I'm sure just about any actor would like
being spider-man breaking news Sony -
something stupid well like what I'm what
I'm trying to figure out in my head is
is fans right they obviously don't give
a shit about fans
oh no ghostbusters oh no what I'm saying
is they they resent the fans what Sony
would be counting on here if we're gonna
go off of our current theory which I
like they're willing to send the fans
under the bus is sexist because they
made a shitty fucking ill-advised
Ghostbusters reboot right so you don't
give no fucks about the fans no I'm not
asking how so many feels about their
fans what I'm asking is what would the
fan reaction be if Sony made spider-man
leave the MCU extremely negative right
so what so would it behoove them we've
established that they're stupid they're
stupid absol don't like defense but do
you think that the fans would not see
the movie that fans are also stupid and
they fans here's the thing about fans
yeah they love logos if you love they
love logos that they're familiar with
yeah yeah everyone likes the Spider Man
longer that's true even if they have you
know they can bitch about that logo
after the fact they love logos yeah so
do to in to ensure to ensure that
Spiderman doesn't leave the MCU fans
would have to not see the movie and fans
are gonna see the movie no matter what
yeah so I guess nothing matters yes
great this is a lesson I learned many
years ago great great I love it I'm with
you I'm on board you know it was
critically acclaimed by the time it came
out what Attack of the Clones wasn't the
single worst movie ever made
it was critically acclaimed fans loved
it did critics again they got the Ebert
a three and a half four star treatment
really yeah yeah yeah that's crazy the
Star Wars movie had thought he liked
that local that starred and Ward's the
thing I liked about it is it was about
Wars but then there was a star in front
of the wars that was pretty mean that
was a pretty neat thing comic fans have
been through a lot of this shit before
on a smaller scale that's true that's
true
space Jack 2084 okay comic book fans
though we keep coming back we keep
coming back to that same same shit well
stop I know there was a big hullabaloo
recently about Marvel's diversity
initiative have you heard about this the
speaking of comics okay
comic book stores have claimed recently
that there haven't been good sales for
all of the their new heroes you know
spider-gwen yeah it's Marvel the the new
epic or thought these things were doing
great well well this was the big news
where they're like they actually aren't
selling well and and you know we we
don't as comic book store owners we
don't like this maybe if you've been a
fan of Thor for the last you know 20 or
30 years you know you don't like it when
they take the character you've been
filed
in for the last 20 or 30 years and throw
them in the garbage heap maybe fans of
that character don't like that right
right well but so that was the news that
came out a few days ago more news that
we got more recently is that only
pertains to sales of the comics in comic
book stores in brick-and-mortar yeah
that's where the old fans go that's
where the old fans go but sales overall
of those new books are up because
they've thrown their old fans under the
bus oh my god well no because there's no
room for growth with their old fans yeah
they're okay want one knowing I need one
thing only I get it I'm just pointing
out how much you matter to these people
all right you don't matter at all right
all right but I guess that's like my
major point was like these old fans are
very similar to what you're saying about
like they only want the one logo that
they're used to they want the same
storyline over and over again and that
doesn't do anything good for Marvel that
doesn't let them make new products that
can appeal to more people and overall
book sales are up of these new
characters these more diverse characters
but their sales are up and trade
paperbacks they're up on digital sales
they're up and in places that are not
brick and mortars because brick and
mortars might not be where these people
go to shop but brick and mortar people
are very upset about this because of
course that's what they sell nothing
matters to anyone question is how long
have the new fans gonna stick around are
they going to be as loyal are they gonna
be reading comic books for next 30 years
or is this Alyssa faddish thing we have
diversity now I'm gonna support the
Devere then they get bored right and
then they don't read anything else it
depends on how good the books alright if
they're not really like huge fans of
comic books it's just like oh this is an
interesting thing that's going on now is
it a fad maybe not maybe not well debate
you know what that but but you could
still get the people that get into it
because of the fad but then get hooked
by this yeah yeah and really the the
only thing Marvel is worried about at
this point is
is workshopping ideas for later movies
right that's all I care about is like
what can we turn into a movie later
because that's where the money is comic
books are cute and instead of having to
instead of having to like just figure
out which characters work and spend a
lot of money in movies we can figure
that out in comic books yeah way cheaper
then we'll take the character that
people universally like will go through
enough stories for us arcs where we can
where we can what a focus group Wow what
story people like from that character in
boom then we got a movie in 20 years
works as long as superhero movies are
still popular right right nice Megaman
x4 buff yes this is 20xx it's like
Megaman X except for the levels are
procedurally generated comic books
Chemical are going to die sooner or
later maybe maybe not images with like
word captions but comic books as you
know them are going to die server or
later it's yes die yes be non-existent
yes No why not there there there is
proven to be a continual niche market
for these things there are still plays
being like people still go out to see
plays rich people age yes people age
throughout your 30s your 40s your 50s
and your sixties yes
comic books should get for like a nickel
or a dime at the fucking drugstore at
the grocery store there by the checkout
and kids would read them they were cheap
yeah okay enjoy you can those always new
kids yeah
getting into comic books there's still
new kids getting now there's now there's
adults that go into a dark gloomy store
that's unwelcoming to buy their comic
books that's true and you're not
they're not written for kids and you're
not getting the influx of children whose
children have video games now and what
do they give a fuck about they're not a
fancy coloring book they're it's already
been colored there are still kids
getting into comics they're just buying
them digitally I'm very curious how
digital comics are doing with new with
new art with a new fresh audio readers
with kids and will they stick around
yeah yeah
okay III still think there's a market
out there I still think they're bringing
in they can bring in new blood but
they're not going to bring in new blood
unless they you know change up their
characters a little bit which doesn't
seem to realize that this stuff does
great digitally one let I don't have
numbers so I can't say those don't exist
anymore it's all hipster eyes and modern
and comic shops now oh ho oh listen my
comic shop is a dark and unwelcoming
place where do you go huh where do you
go well and I don't want to say dark and
unwelcome he's welcoming to me
oh sure I would be I would be I would be
not nervous I'd be hesitant to go in
there if I if I was new because comic
book shops are intimidating I would be
intimidated
I go to collectors edge okay I go to
collectors edge but you know what I
haven't been there in a while because I
get most of my comics digitally now is
that the place for the science in
surplus no that's lost world of wonder
okay
lost world of wonders is is a fine cut
they're both fine comic book stories but
they're all very intimidating you know
wall-to-wall comics you don't understand
the organization some comic book places
aren't that nice to new people aren't
that welcoming to new people the first
comic book store I went to
not this collectors edge of different
place was not very welcoming to me yep
the guy was a total jerk towles our high
streets CEO well that's the thing you
can buy digital comics or physical
comics on Amazon get them shipped to you
who for normal prices
and you don't have to deal with jerks at
the comic book store most of them have
like preview pages that you can read
anyway I get all my comics digitally and
I love that not only that I uh all the
comics that get digitally I always wait
for the trade I was waiting for the
collection because these guys suck I
always wait for the train I love that I
like to see the whole storyline in one
go
oh I'm real lose right here is is going
into hobby shops for something you're
not fully invested in is always a little
weird people usually seem a little
off-putting because they're either not
willing to help or almost seem like
they're subconsciously defending their
hobby interest to an outsider that's why
you just need to give to not give it so
much of a fuck no and that's that's
really true but like that's kind of the
inherent downside of comic book shops is
they're very intimidating to new readers
flame shield like it took me a long time
to find a comic book store that you know
I felt comfortable where I felt
comfortable asking questions and you
know this was pre-internet days but just
like so uh what's the what's going on
with this character is this a story like
Howard where do I start with the story
arc and you don't cuz you don't want
someone to look at you like you're an
idiot or you're like well this story
seems cool is this the first issue of
this story do I have to read another
book or I'm so used to people looking at
me like an idiot well I'm used to it
that doesn't mean I like it but you know
you then you find a people you find some
people are like oh well let me show you
what you want to read oh yeah this is
pretty nice and if you like this book
might I recommend this book some music
music shops can be like that oh yeah
like um like our Miller said any any
kind of hobbyist store like I would be
terrified to go into like a vinyl like a
record store that sells vinyl what's
going on here oh you don't know vinyl is
oh I know that's why I don't not
interested right do kids even need to
read comics with things like video games
and cartoons yes they don't you don't
say you don't need to read anything but
you know something is something that my
children enjoy an incredible amount is
Dave pill key books you know you
probably don't know Dave oh no I
wouldn't imagine you do because you
don't have children
he writes Captain Underpants you know
have you seen the trailer for that movie
I haven't seen the trailer but I'm
familiar with what it is okay so you
know in a casual the the Captain
Underpants books are quasi comic books
and quasi chapter books like there's
large chunks of text but there's also a
lot of pictures and Dave Hilke also just
writes straight-up comic books but you
know they're meant for a younger
audience
but they're not big like comic books
they look like normal books yeah my
children freaked the fuck out every time
there's a new Dave Tilke book they're
great they're super funny that I say
that counts as as a as a comic book that
kids are getting it that's a gateway cop
you know what's you know it's got me
fucked up here
Zelda and the a/b switch it's now
carried over to another game keep
heading canceled can you believe all the
fucking weeaboos commenting on that
Zelda visited your beard do you have a
Japan jackass well you know on the
PlayStation you confirm is actually
review the rightmost button so you know
because we obviously live in Japan here
in Wisconsin Japan Wisconsin can we get
back to talking about tacos absolutely
yeah a lot of people a lot of people
were commenting on our controller
problems which I don't know what was a
legitimate problem to me or is a
legitimate problem for me still to this
day you know I want to check out the
store see if there's any new games which
of course there's not and you know I got
the snake game and you constantly hit
the hit the back button when you want to
get the confirm button and it's annoying
the the what did you get the weaboos
what do you call them we booze they
they're not helpful rich they're not
helpful Dipel they do it like that of
the mixin fight even though I don't live
in spell oh god I want to strangle them
you know sometimes sometimes the
commenters are not very helpful like I
don't wanna I don't want to break the
internet here but sometimes commenters
are
not helpful sometimes YouTube's just not
that helpful yeah maybe something under
that that was not we've we've been hit
with so many copyright claims in the
past few days I'm from Nintendo from
Nintendo obviously like the entire Zelda
prereq claimed of course but we were
able to Jim sterling them because I use
that your clip and your is owned by Sony
so Sony and Nintendo can fight it out
for our miniscule ad revenue and I'm
very happy about that there's something
down there
there's nothing what makes you so damn
sure but almost all of our what jammed
rich how do I be disabled traps huh you
just gotta you gotta Oh or that you have
eight seconds rich
glory achieved alright so our our one
two switch
attack Hills might restore health nice
our one two switch stream cut-up claimed
our new Zelda one that went up today
claim do you know which one wasn't
claimed snipper Clips snipper Clips was
not claimed well is that a Nintendo game
right that's the question I don't know I
don't know so that one wasn't claimed
also I'm dealing with a really weird
claim III just went back to look through
all of our claimed videos because every
once in a while one will sneak up on me
and my solo stream of the flame in the
flood got claimed recently right which
is strange and so you know like I I look
it up and it's the you know it's from
where the the songs are heavily featured
and it was claimed by a record company
and so I go to the website of the makers
of that game you know because sometimes
like for example we once got claimed for
you're a rocket League extreme yeah and
I think I went through this with people
before but it's my belief that some
people extort streamers or let's players
yeah and so like for example if you put
up a song on CD Baby CD Baby then
technically owns the rights to digitally
distribute that music and so anyone who
uses that music even if you have
permission from the artist CD Baby could
theoretically put a claim on your
YouTube video even if you have
permission and this happened a while
back with with rocket League music we
got a bunch of rocket League strikes
actually by clutter claims nut strikes
just claimed oh rich so close you know
fucking fucking fucking I'm too deep
Jack do it just do it just do it all my
fucking hell for this shit better be
worth it oh won't be oh that's a kick in
the balls right there
she doesn't have balls that's a kick in
the rowboat it's right there
so in any case we got claimant we got a
claimed by CD babysit eBay was taking
our ad revenue from a rocket League
streams even though on who does that not
Niantic who does rocket League psionic
sure on their website it explicitly says
you have permission to use the music or
monetize as long as the music is being
used as part of the game and not as a
standalone yeah so I countered the claim
and it was immediately accepted
countered and you know we now get to
monetize all of our rocket league videos
but what a fucking scam by CD Baby if
they just claim a million videos and
some some people won't know to counter
them just make a couple bucks here
couple bucks there I think it was a
similar situation with the flame and the
flood people so I emailed them and I
said hey I recently got a copyright
claim for four from these people using
this music and I just wanted to know if
that's a normal thing or if I actually
have permission to monetize these videos
yeah and the flame in the flood people
were very good that got back to me
really quickly and said you can
absolutely monetize this well we'll look
into why you got these oh well look into
why you got these claims put against you
and we'll make sure that the record
company knows that right youtubers have
permission so like that was really nice
so then I was free to counter the claim
and but I I think there's some shady
business happening in YouTube claim whoa
yeah if you could believe that
gamer's Union anyone oh then you talk it
then there's a whole different ball of
worms there you anti-union Jack I'm not
anti-union
unions have the potential blow this
where am I gonna fall where am I gonna
fall home I gonna fall unions have the
potential to do very good things rich
unions also have the potential to do
very bad things really that's just all
of humanity but I think there are
stories of unions doing very good work
and there are stories of unions doing
very bad things oh shit yeah
where do I fall where do I fall the the
down parts of unionizing like you
unionizing let's players is then you're
also asking let's players to unite
ideology under a single banner you know
we're local lets players 103 and we have
voted to not play any 2d pixel
platformers right and then you have to
go along with that ideology a second I
suck so much
that's it leftover beefcake leftover
beef cakes that's basically large groups
of people can either be cool or they can
suck I know you know what I'm dealing
with some hard-hitting truths here
everybody and I'm sorry about that
are you going to start posting your
reviews on Twitch we have no plans to do
it or not why not well it would have our
views what happened they wouldn't have
them Jack it would it would split our
views
in some in some way wood splitter good
alright alright I'd say all or nothing
all or nothing and you know
unfortunately there's just no compelling
reason to go over to twitch they would
probably be a little more lenient as far
as ad revenue with something like the
Nintendo debacle but they also don't
have the viewer base that YouTube has if
there was a compelling reason to like
let's you know for example if twitch
said hey you uploaded you upload to us
we can give you a bigger percentage of
the ad revenue some like that and them I
never happened
that would never happen that would never
ever happen but you know I'm just saying
if there were a compelling reason to
like I'm not married shit I'm not
married to YouTube what the help what
interesting
it's better to upload it anywhere you
can Jack says hark well Wolverine even
if you might siphon off some of your
YouTube views you can gain exposure to
other viewers on Twitch that's possible
yeah that's possible
should we experiment with our next one
I'm for your riches for experimentation
okay
do you wanna do you wanna do both or do
it like a salt which exclude salt both
to get you know in order to get a full
picture then we would also need a twitch
exclusive you know see what kind of
views we could pull is just a twitch
exclusive for full experimental value Oh
or maybe like a timed exclusive yeah
like for the first week it'll be on
twitch and then we'll put it up on
YouTube something like that alright can
you get more of an audience and then
more money through subs and stuff that's
eventually yes that's why I want to do
it that a potentially yes but in general
YouTube has the largest audience it also
has more competition so and you know our
YouTube channel is still growing we
still get subs new subs every day where
people might potentially find us on
YouTube and twitch they had you know
just don't don't know about is
impossible possible
next hey next one bullet will try our
dual our dual upload see what that does
to numbers and then and then we will
work on some sort of twitch exclusive
review pom pom pom
it's my first live stream welcome
dreamer TK I don't think that's true
oh you have the winky emoji I get him
why do people drive their cars into Taco
Bell's because they want that taco
nobody wants to fucking Taco Bell Taco
I love his fucking garbage I love it on
ironically I love it on ironically rich
I fucking love it it is literally the
worst fast-food I love it it's the
greatest I don't know what you're
talking about you're really good at this
game original fuck you too
Hey ignoring tips or even like a year's
three talked about this game yeah been
that long since I've played it well and
you know what it's it's good to see
what's new about it you know I feeling
about it hey guys great review yes our
demolition man review finally came out
we shot that it feels like two months
ago yeah while ago we shot that a long
time ago but I thought it was a good
edit Jay did a good job great reviews
aren't time sensitive right that's the
nice thing about it and you know what it
more so rich it was just really good to
re-watch demolition man yeah
great fun movie fun movie let's see here
I'm currently drinking some Crystal Head
vodka no joke it's really fucking good
any chance to continue our XCOM run soon
system Erica oh you don't
I haven't think about that lately yeah
yeah we could do that so else next time
we got no idea what to play a fire at
shut up
sometimes sometimes it's hard just to
think of stuff to play Jack your Isaac
shirt on best of the worst let me -
watching indie game the movie which made
me buy Super Meat Boy and get back into
games for the first time since the 90s
oh my god you single-handedly made me a
gamer again
I'm sorry why are you sorry that's a lot
of time and money gone now I'm well I
guess I'm sorry or congratulations
however you're feeling about being a
game again super meatboy is great super
meatboy is a great game that is a
favorite of mine indie game the movie is
a good one
speaking of indie game the movie no clip
as part of their exploration series just
released their Jonathan Blow the witness
talk uh-huh and it was basically just 45
minutes of Jonathan Blow I made a lot of
bland puzzles and it got hyped and it
got super hyped but what I did not know
what I did not realize is there is
another layer to the witness yeah yeah
and it got spoiled for me a little bit
because I watch the interview because I
didn't care about ever playing the
witness right right and the other layer
is stupid is stupid but there is an
unspoken layer but I think it's super
stupid if that counts for anything but
he was really trying for something
Jonathan Blow I mean you know and it's a
good it's good just to hear people who
make games talk about making games so I
still like that
the documentary noclip documentary
Jonathan Blow made an art yes he made
the art he made the art but wait where
do I walk past what was that what is
that I was looking at the chat and I
didn't see what that was looks like a
little thing of you you know huh Oh son
of a bitch I could've been something
really exciting it could have been oh
not this douche bag I was gonna go grade
the beers Kirk says Demolition Man 1 the
movie dicks first wheel spin on
Wednesday night just hours before the
review went up kismet absolutely
or just you know that demolition man's a
great movie step floss huh step floss of
course it has flaws it has major flaws
Denis Leary is one of those major fluff
us right anonymous says Jack I heard you
like run the jewels have you checked out
their remix albums where they replaced
all the instrumentation with cat sounds
it's fucking stupid and kind of genius I
have not
I've not listened to it I've heard of it
and someone someone shared that with me
and I did not click on it because I want
to enjoy run the jewels without thinking
about horrible cat shrieks if that makes
any sense I'm not doing good here at all
Jack I'm doing quite terrible ok how
long how long have you been streaming
that's seven ok so not that one why what
is your eye you know like just for
cutting them up into youtube videos
later I like a Sal and I like it love
what an hour if you're think about
swishing it well how would even want to
switch it to go to your XCOM run right
we're just gibbering anyway you're
connected to Twitter for 48 minutes so
yeah give it a get it at give it an hour
at least no we can switch it up all
right let's see here hey guys says dish
sir you weren't here Wednesday but I was
feeling lonely so I watched your 7th of
guest video it was great what video
should I watch now this one this is a
good one to watch right now as we are
streaming live speaking of video
documentaries twitch has a video game
documentary about the world
greatest big buck hunter player do you
know Big Buck Hunter is I'm assuming
some kind of hunt done hunting game it's
like a bar it's a yeah it's a gun game
that's very popular in bars that's where
you go hunting and they made a mini
documentary about the world's greatest
Big Buck Hunter player that they are
streaming live throughout the day today
so I know as soon as I get home I'm
gonna give that a watch because I'm very
oh I'm very curious about that that was
all on you yeah yeah I mean I have now
given up on this particular run I got
two whole bars left not gonna lie I'm
not gonna make it for everything the
wrestling video with josh is very rated
weight you know we've had a lot of good
streams you know what go back to our
police quest streams those are always
fun yeah I like the voices speaking of
the voices I see a lot of you basking
tonight and we've been asked a lot on
Twitter and we are looking into thimble
we'd park the new Ron Gilbert
point-and-click adventure as far as our
next adventure game is concerned where
we do voices it's probably voiced you
think it's voice yep it looks a hold
school looks old is it voiced that would
that would make a big difference is the
thimble we'd Park voice
it's probably a stretch goal they made
where you could voice a character oh it
has voices okay well then we're not
doing that then we're not gonna play it
that's probably good mute the oh you can
if we can turn the voices off then maybe
is the answer to that now right
anonymous says Jack what's going on in
the DC TV shows any thoughts PS Amy
Pascal said the deal they made with
spider-man has never happened before and
they don't know what is going to happen
after Avengers two and three oh yeah
sure what's going on with the DC TV
universe aka the arrowverse you know
there's a lot of shit I think I don't
know if we talked about this the other
day about the about what was happening
with flash and Supergirl is both flash
and Supergirl we're dealing with some
like debbie downer relationship problems
and so they dedicated an entire
crossover episode with the flash and
Supergirl that was a musical episode
that fixed both of their relationship
problems all right you know because tone
is important because Buffy the Vampire
Slayer did a musical episode once
because you know and you know why Oh hmm
oh it's like a dead version of you did
you die there once possibly because
musicals are fun and they want to make
sure that they're having fun right
that's what they're sure those shows are
all about let's have fun adventures they
even super groan flash sang a song about
being super friends and it was I know
rich doesn't care but I thought it was
adorable
what is happening right now
Teri Hatcher has shown up on Supergirl
which is great for any old school fans
of Lois and Clark Dean Cain is also a
regular guest yeah
Wonder Woman Lynda Carter was nothing
Wonder Woman
uh yeah Lynda Carter is the president
and Supergirl which is adorable
therefore they're fine shows as long as
here as long as you're willing to deal
with the cheese they're fine shows
because they are cheesy they are cheesy
and they are cheap the actors are from
Glee the Glee fans wanted it oh it's
because flash was oh was he on Glee and
I did not know that I did not know that
Glee fans were asking for hmm hardcore
Glee fans which I'm sure there's a bunch
of them then I watch agents of shield
this week depends I've seen I'm Kate I'm
keeping up on agents of shield even
though I'm not quite sure why that's one
that I could probably walk away from now
and not care agent Marvel's Marvel's
Disney's ABC presents agents of shield
well you know this is really hot let's
make a show but up bunch of random
shield agents it could it could be it
has been done well they had a couple
really good seasons where they were
doing some fun spy shit there's a dumb
idea from the get-go yeah but they were
you know what they were doing some fun
spy shit and they had a couple of great
seasons and now I think they had a
meeting and said what's the least fun
thing we could do with the Marvel
license no everyone likes Phil Coulson
everyone likes Phil Coulson
and who was dead who wasn't dead or it
was dead but it's not dead anymore
according to marvel's agents of shield
and they said hey what if we just had a
spy show and it was good for a little
bit and now it's not it's not terribly
good anymore right now what we're
dealing with is life model decoys
cyborgs that look like humans and one of
the cyborgs built an alternate reality
inside of a computer simulation where
everything is different and so a couple
of the agents have to go through the
computer simulation to try to break out
other agents and it's all it's all it's
basically just an excuse to have a
what-if scenario and it's all wacky and
it's not great but it's not the worst
they did it the story that reeks of
comic books yes that's exactly what's
what's happening because it's a comic
book show does everyone have an eyepatch
you know what no one has an eyepatch
currently um ABC presents Marvel's
Disney's agents of field okay
no one has an eyepatch Wow someone
someone asked if someone had if they all
had ID badges rich I was answering a
question someone had a question about
eye patches an important eyepatch
question
all right everyone let's shut this comic
book thing down back to words with no
pictures still around to one of the
words are the pictures well I guess
that's why I think I think your I think
your statement of comic books will one
day die is misguided all right it's been
around for a long time and how many
issues are they so all in the in the
fucking 60s yeah it was a letdown if
Action Comics only sold a million copies
now they fucking uncork the champagne
bottles if they make thirty thousand
still make a still making them they are
relatively cheap to produce there is a
market for them they will be produced
they will be produced and and you will
forever have a back catalogue that
people will enjoy and that will bring in
new you know new demand for new titles
why they invalidate the continuities all
the time that back catalog is worthless
that's true they devalue that constantly
yeah but then you know what if like you
know Superman fails right then someone
finds a back catalog of Superman they
really like then they'll just reboot it
with using the continuity that people
like at the moment and burn out a whole
new generation of comic book fans I did
recently I know a lot of people have
suggested to me as far as reading comic
books have suggested moon at night
specifically the 2012
Bendis run of Moon Knight which is a
I've been reading it is a good until
Bendis runs it into the ground and I'm
only the first trade in
and it's alright it's not great isn't it
I don't even know if I'd call it good
like I think all right is under good huh
it has a very interesting concept not
knowing anything about moon night it
starts off with moon night talking to
spider-man Wolverine and Captain America
uh-huh about how he's gonna and he just
moved to LA and he wants some advice on
how to you know get started out in LA
and they're helping him out and giving
him some advice but then it is
discovered that in actuality they're all
they're not really there and he's just
talking to figures of his imagination
yeah okay okay parts of his all the
night didn't deny to have like multiple
personality and editing they manifested
into spider-man Wolverine and Captain
America okay well the fuck am I supposed
to do here oh my god now oh my god not
bad the brow is the book just wasn't
that interesting you know I didn't
really care about what he was doing or
what his whole backstory thing and there
there there were some really good
moments in in the book but overall it
was kind of a math situation kind of a
map I also picked up on my McCulloch I
have the the comiXology unlimited things
so you know a bunch of comics come with
that subscription and they are rebooting
the shadow
they've rebooted the shadow yeah sounds
like oh well you know how about I read
this shadow that'd be fun like an old
old noir detective story you know with
some mystical elements but uh some new
arts and that'll be great
oh the art fucking sucks and the stories
are boring as shit yeah so new shadow
sucks
the shadow hick sorry sorry if I hiccup
right in your ear
what audio microphone setup are we using
currently we have shure sm7b ease that
are hooked up to a zoom h6 that is
plugged into the computer so shure sm7b
which are you know nice condenser mics
that are hooked up to our zoom for
individual control over volume
no problem sergeant for a leaf sergeant
four leaf is starting a new thing on his
youtube channel where he gets people to
talk about bad movies and then he's
going to animate the things you talk
about okay and so I talked to him the
other day about crazy fat Athol because
I thought there were some good visuals
in there and I couldn't think of another
movie to talk about so let's talk about
crazy fat Oh crazy vanitha - yeah yeah
to be more specific
yes I and razo that's what we got going
on for this for the episodes we use love
condenser mics also hooked up to the
zoom because the zoom records separate
audio tracks as their own disk or at
separate audio channels as their own
discrete track and so when I when I
record rich and I using that I end up
with two audio tracks which is very
helpful when editing though since we've
moved in here I haven't had to use that
as much because it's very quiet in this
room I it has saved me hours it has
honestly saved me hours not having to
edit the audio in our episodes now waste
waste
I beat up a boom what was that I'm talk
about the worst movie last year Jason
Bourne
we certainly did not get kicked out of
the big studio we left on our own accord
we left on our own accord and it's been
great
my name is Tate I'm sorry you need you
need a podcast or movie things just make
one up make one up and I'll talk to you
for an hour
okay let's see here where are we where
are we
let's go captain blue says speaking of
comics are there any web comics you read
currently I keep up with xkcd webcomic
name extra fabulous comics and Olga
laughs I haven't read it in a while ice
really like slutty freelance by I
haven't read in a while I'm kind of
waiting for him to fucking finally
finish and then I'll then I'll read when
he's fucking done
sure tell the fucking story don't drag
your feet too much
yeah there's no like web comics are so
hard to keep up with because usually
they're uploaded at irregular schedules
ask slug he's pretty regular it's been
regular forever or today oh yeah yeah
that would be nice it'd be better if
they like do you know if they have like
web comics if web comics had some sort
of email list where I'd get emailed the
comic every week that would be great I
don't want to go looking for it every
week I'm lazy I'm lazy like that so I'm
not I'm not currently into any web
comics have I read sweet tooth no I
don't think so I don't think I have read
sweet to anonymous says who did the Hal
but I'm the poop deck rich the what who
did the Hal but on the poop what the
fuck is that
Oh
hey Jack how long does it take for you
guys to shoot an episode and then get it
uploaded long just take us to play the
game that's the real question that's the
real question so let's say a game comes
out last few games I think we both got
day or two after they came out oh yeah I
mean I won't say like same day started
playing you know then you get 40 hours
into the game minimum yeah you get 40
hours into the game so what's that three
days four days five days 40 if 40 hours
is a lot you know you know I'm not gonna
make myself rush through it I need to it
I need to actually try and enjoy the
game right of course and then so that's
that's the thing and we also have you
know other jobs right and and and basic
lives and so I probably about a week and
then we shoot the episode and then it
takes me another 30 40 hours to edit an
episode so you know average turnaround
time is about two weeks four episodes
and that's when we're being really good
we uh
horizon zero dawn we pushed real hard
and got that got that one out fairly
fast I was really happy with our
turnaround time there but but I pushed
myself like I I edited when I shouldn't
have been editing I was staying up late
I was wrecking myself but we we got a
good turnaround on that I want to say
that was up two days after we shot it so
that's pretty good button normal
turnaround is probably two weeks one of
these days one of these days we need to
hire a producer someone whose job it is
to get us advanced copies of games I
don't wanna be you know obligated to
anybody that's why we get a producer
yeah yeah if we talk to game companies
then we then will be obligated we would
stop getting copies sooner or later but
for a little bit it'd be nice I think
yeah for a little bit it would be real
nice all right
I ended on a half day sir unless you
want to play for a bit no no I'm good
how long did the Mass Effect Andromeda
edit was significantly easier Janet we
shot that on Thursday and it was
uploading Friday night I could never
actually do when I'm drama to review no
no I could never do it the whole they
would they would just end up being uh I
have fucked Mass Effect 3 I hate Mass
Effect 3 right this is what Mass Effect
3 did right that's all it would be I
agree
jack confirmed for Paola no no I
wouldn't unless they were paying a lot
of money and then I'd take their Paola
and as soon as I was out of the contract
well for whatever the Paola
all I would do is talk about that Paola
it has to be a lot of money though
that's exactly what you gave us that
were here rich I know I'm saying an
actual review that's why I couldn't
actually review it wind waker is a great
game I'm really legitimately not at all
interested in Andromeda I don't give a
shit what the fuck they did with it yeah
neither am i it's not gonna happen we're
never even of her family yeah you
weren't a fan sir he's the first damn
place that's what I'm saying now like I
have no I have no stake in this so it's
just not gonna happen just not gonna
happen yes people will always bug rich
about Mass Effect always I know it's
your thing but you're done with it this
baby you want to talk about I fucking
love to talk about that was the greatest
you went out and get all those tacos for
the demolition man reviewing jeez oh
it's the worst I hate I hate Taco Bell
I hate Taco Bell it's one of my favorite
things we have a perfectly good Mexican
restaurant yeah in in Milwaukee well we
have several really good Mexican
restaurants
okay boy go isn't even the best man no
you go
you know just up the road for me that's
those we can get authentic Mexican
restaurant like served on paper plates
it's beautiful
it's gorgeous I still love Taco Bell
horse piss and vinegar that's Taco Bell
what Oh what I love them that goes we're
talking about Reese's Pieces Reese's
Pieces
do you enjoy these pieces no I'm talking
about the the review you're allergic to
peanuts I'm allergic to nuts
I'm pretty sure I'm okay with peanuts
cuz they're not technically nuts
oh they're legue I just don't like them
I don't like peanut butter it's again
you know that there's no chocolate
around a Reese's Pieces oh yeah I could
see that I could say that a lot of
people think there is it's just it's a
candy coating around peanut butter yeah
oh I'm sorry but you had something
specific about Reese's
I hate Taco Bell so I bought a 12-pack
it was for work it was Joe did you know
gene man is famous for the fucking Taco
Bell tie-in that's the joke but not
Reese's Pieces I'm talking about
earliest product placement yeah I was a
little thing that came up tofu a says
the border is five minutes outside my
door and I'll just sit here silently and
smile at this conversation could you
imagine just cross the border get some
nice authentic Mexican food
they have great Mexican food in
California next food isn't isn't Mexican
that's Texan tex-mex it's called Mexican
it's accident well no but I meant like
authentic I like Mexican authentic
Mexican because Mexican food isn't
really Mexican it's Texan
if you get if you get Mexican food in
Mexico its inauthentic I don't
understand it's a Texas invention tacos
tacos are not a thing that's a Texas
invention you're crazy
no I'm not you're crazy that's a Texas
invention is this a true thing yes where
is this where is this from this is from
something I read because I my brain
soaks in knowledge you read I don't
remember where I read that but I read
that was this back when that area of
Texas was was owned by Mexico possible
but it was invented by the poor white
people who live there because tex-mex is
great rich is making shit up you're
wrong rich false rich you are wrong hard
tacos yes II quit trolling rich fake
news you know what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna need some citations on this right
all right you know what rich you're
gonna have homework I just wanted to
talk about the fucking racist pieces and
et that's all I wanted to talk about
we're talking about tacos now you
talking about the worst Mexican food of
all time okay product placement the
whole point of tacos and Taco Bell was
the blatant and unapologetic yeah
product placement in demolition and I I
said I thought it was the first time a
lot of people really truly noticed
product placement yeah yeah and then I
brought up Back to the Future as the
earliest one I can think of you well you
remember
right Chet was a BTE Theory CD I'm well
aware that Reese's Pieces were et I'm I
could be wrong I'm gonna say I'm you
know I could easily be wrong I didn't
know that's officially product placement
private placement the company has to go
to you and says we want you to feature
our product right in your movie we're
gonna give you money if you put a Sony
Vaio well I guess Sony owns the company
they wouldn't give money well I will
give you money if you have the character
drinking of Pepsi then if the characters
favorite drink is Pepsi will give you
thirty thousand dollars three hundred
whatever right and often it's also
accompanied by a cross marketing
campaign yeah where it's you know like
one of the most famous examples would be
like the whatever car is in a James Bond
movie
yeah Lexus and then they'll also be
Lexus commercials promoting the James
Bond movie but also the car so so not
only is product placement
for the movie but there's usually a
strong cross promotional campaign okay
so so yeah I fully was aware of ET when
I said that about back people are
mentioned supernova and supermen - I
wasn't thinking about that right but I
mean as far as ET and that definitely
was in my mind but to my knowledge
Reese's Pieces and et came vibe because
Spielberg wanted to use the candy for
free - he wanted to use M&Ms; right
so he went M&Ms; and said can I use this
they said no he went to Reese's Pieces
and said can I use can I get permission
to use Reese's Pieces they said yes
that's not product placement that's not
a paid advertisement now I could be
wrong I could easily be wrong and money
was involved it is I wasn't aware of oh
sure
well and you know one of one of the
easiest ways to figure that out is
before et came out was there a cross
promotional campaign with Reese's Pieces
going like Reese's Pieces the taste of
the galaxies they had ads with like a
fake et I remember that band like an 18
knockoff alien hmm interesting
I don't know that they ever officially
well that's because that was DT I know
that would help our that would help our
figure in this out so the question with
et was it was money involved right was
money involved or just permission given
yes and to my knowledge which he could
easily be wrong I thought it was just
permission given right and it's but
that's very possible that is not product
placement correct I'm with you rich 100%
Reese's sold heavily after the movie
yeah that has nothing to do with whether
or not they paid to have Reese's Pieces
in the movie as an advertisement though
sure that could be when people realize
the value of putting your product in
after the movie when big Reese's was
like hey can we make commercials using
your alien we let you use our candy Ct
could've easily had have spawned product
placement that doesn't mean
it was in and of itself product
placement right right right yeah I like
Reese's Pieces I like all the Reese's
stuff like I'm and you know peanut
butter cups are one of my favorite
candies Ghostbusters had Camel
cigarettes once again I mean
everything's a product you can't you
almost can't avoid having some kind of
product show up and your movie the
question is did Camel pay them to use
the cigarettes that's the question or
did they get permission it's like hey
yeah I smoke camel the character smokes
we don't want to use you know
Ghostbusters brand cigarettes right
right I like Reese's Pieces you know you
know what's really great actually
you mix up Reese's Pieces and M&Ms;
together then you get a little chocolate
and peanut butter and have a bite
it makes them in a bowl together you're
welcome everyone you're wrong what's
rich wrong about now
product placement or Mexican food not
being from Mexico I'm wrong about the
first example of product placement that
I can remember yeah I didn't say Back to
the Future was also you said the
earliest one you can remember I know I
know
yeah I know that doesn't matter which
means for you as a viewer Oh God
I after that Jake cut it out I was
talking about the the first thing the
first time I noticed product placement
was in the John Travolta Kirstie Alley
movie look who's talking yeah they had
like a little dinner scene and every one
of the products was Center Center frame
box of Cheerios and they're also having
Pepsi with their box of Cheerios and
Wonder Bread it was it was like a stand
so so the first time I noticed it versus
the first time it variant happening very
different things
captain oh wait
no no going back to comics says Rob
obeys rich have you seen the teaser for
season 2 of preacher it looks like
they're picking up where the comics
started
I loved season 1 and I'm looking forward
to mixed season did you watch season 1
no because it seems like they changed so
fucking much I wasn't interested okay
sounds like season 2 and like I said I'm
I'm I'm I'm I'm not convinced because
the I'm convinced in my head to the
studio isn't gonna want to put a
negative spin on religion we don't want
to offend people right it's gonna end up
being a positive happy find your faith
thing in the end I'm I am like 90%
convinced that's what's gonna happen
they had a preacher sure so I'm not I'm
not chomping at the bits to watch the
preacher well there you go
no bit chomping here everybody anonymous
says called in sick for work as soon as
that straw saw the stream was on well
worth it anonymous get to work man what
are you doing speaking speaking of
faiths and positive messages okay I have
an announcement for the chat that I know
is very important to them yeah I finally
saw no law yeah I've had it on my shelf
now for months I borrowed it from the
studio Darren Aronofsky's retelling of
the biblical epic Noah and his ark
starring Russell Crowe a beautifully
aged Jennifer Connelly she looks amazing
still emma watson hermione AKA or miami
and someone who looks a lot like um
who's in the wrestler Oh Mickey Mickey
Mickey Rourke Mickey Rourke
now Mickey Rooney someone who Rudy as
the wrestler the last comedy what can I
say I'm just a piece of meat oh I'm just
a piece of meat how old is he like
nineteen eight years old right starring
in the wrestler jumping off the ladders
I want to see this right Mickey someone
who looks a lot like me
but is not make your work although Sir
Anthony Hopkins is in it
preacher TV show doesn't have as much
juvenile humor well fuck that I love
their dark silly humor that's kind of
the point it was a character called our
face he's amazing this face looks like
an arse yeah yeah that sounds like
juvenile humor to me yeah I don't know
he was in the pilot I only saw the pilot
uh he was in the pilot and he had a he
had an ass for a face so yeah but so I
finally said no and you know what it's
an alright movie alright if he chews
giant rock monsters which is very very
funny
but that is not an accurate depiction of
the biblical flawed Jack well here's the
thing so so the Bible mentions that
before the time of the flood there were
giants that's what it says in the Bible
mm-hmm it doesn't say what kind of
Giants and so Darren Aronofsky
said that the Giants were rock monsters
they were they were anyway they actually
were rich were fallen angels mm-hmm that
we're trying to help mankind but fail
alright it was it was a fun you know and
you know for someone who spent so much
time in church at Catholic school it was
it was very earnest no it was it was
done in a in a non mockery tone but all
but also it's ridiculous like all the
animals come on the ship he built and
it's ridiculous you know yeah Noah's a
vegetarian for some reason that's very
important to him being a vegetarian I
don't know
not very my guess but you have this you
have this one a it's not a it's not a
great movie I think it's a pretty good
movie what half of it feels like is if
Christopher Nolan made it because like
they spend so much time trying to like
authenticate what Noah could have done
and how it could have been possible so
it felt very Chris Nolan II but then you
also have these really small intense
character moments that that's what
Darren Aronofsky is really good at like
think about all your favorite scenes in
the wrestler and it's just a tiny little
intense character moment and there's
nothing big happening around yeah yeah
just people giving speeches and I feel
it and so like the second half of the
movie is a lot like when they're in the
arc it's just a lot of people giving
speeches and yeah great Jennifer
Connelly is fucking great in it she
gives a speech and she's sad and angry
and snot and tears are coming all out of
her and I loved it it was great
Hermione Hermione gives it gives a great
performance okay Emma Watson overall I
enjoyed it like it was like fine it's
fine movie real quick real quick real
quick person in the chat whose name
scrolled up ages ago sorry if you hate
the preacher comic book I really don't
give a fuck about your opinion on the TV
show because the preacher comic book is
one of the best fucking things ever made
I back back to movies we have watched
recently and a lot of people are
disagreeing with me but I thought it was
a fine I'm not saying it's a great movie
I think it's a fine movie and I enjoyed
watching it
III last night every watched babe babe
babe is a fantastic movie the movie
about the talking yeah the movie bump
talking pig who herds sheep but that
movie is not afraid to be dark and
honest it's like yeah the farmer yeah he
eats the cute little animals
how does he does he feel guilty about it
nope no beats the cute little animals
that movie is not afraid to go to some
really dark places for a movie that I'm
the surface is as cute as it is I love
baby out of you know we we talk about a
lot of things here rich uh-huh
out of all the things in the universe to
talk about I just never thought I would
hear that come out of your mouth I'll be
honest with you the defense of babe oh
yeah it's been so long since I've seen
babe I think my children are too old for
it now but babe by George Miller you
didn't direct it though he wrote it and
produced it okay that makes it so yeah
yeah it doesn't have his aesthetic but
it has is I could see it being a George
Miller all right Noah is a very
underrated I define it it's Noah is this
if you take away all of the bigness to
Noah it's this story about a man's faith
and trying to interpret the the
unknowable Word of God right yeah the
the set of the second half of Noah
especially like after he's done building
the ark there's I know I won't spoil it
in case anyone needs to see it he needs
to figure out what God wants by the way
we do interpret the unknowable will of
God yeah that's what beheadings start
happening right right nothing you want
to be doing but but that's it's a movie
rich it's fake it's all fake and so we
can get into the fake movie and so but
that's all the second half of Noah is is
him trying to make this decision about
interpreting the unknowable Word of God
and it is it's really fun like it's it's
fun it's fun because it's intense and
it's fake it's all fake rich crops
aren't growing as fast as last year yeah
I guess the gods just want more impaling
you know two years ago I remember that
Timmy boy impaled himself the crop
squirrel really well that year do you
think the palings had anything to do
with that well let's test it out we
impaired
the kid the crops grew great this year I
guess it's a thing now
this year though we appeal people in the
nut groans fast we got to impale more
people that's definitely what needs to
happen I mean you know what rich
that's called logic how many virgins do
we have 30 why what do we need we'll
lead by blimp in about ten of them dead
okay
does it show when Noah gets drunk and
lays half-naked in a tent yes yes it
does yes it does it's a fact movie about
something believe is absolute fact right
right like I said I think they handled
it as evil the people who believe in a
fact are angry at the movie because it's
inaccurate not you know what I didn't
find that no because I was looking at
because I was curious I was like what
were that what are the difference is
right and I found a ton of Christian
websites that were like here's what they
got right and here's what they got wrong
but but here's why they interpreted that
like it was a lot of civil disgust I
thought Ken Ham was really against it
but Ken Ham is just an asshole
Ken Ham is against everything he that
man makes no sense Jack I don't think
you understand how perfectly babe ends
wait baa Ram ewe
I remember Bob read the dead silence
though in in in the fucking statement I
everyone starts off laughing does have
his pigs gonna herd sheep so I remember
and then that like the deathly silence
followed by the Sheep slowly get in a
single-file line just doing the routine
nice nice wide shot of a stunned silent
crowd he closes not like after he
emerges the peach into the pen and the
Sheep into the pen he closes the door
and like they cut to a wide shot of the
whole thing and you can hear the glass
clap from the wide shot it's brilliant
that'll do Pig that'll do are you saying
I need to re-watch babe yes I think
honestly yes yeah if you don't love baby
everyone I ever watched it last night I
loved it I fucking loved it what a
strange choice Karen was so return got a
new job yeah she wandered watch babe
right now one babe all right I find that
so weird because I mean I'm with you
rich I get I'll give it a give it a
chance is what I'll say a review you
want a review of babe I'd consider it
I would totally consider it well I guess
I haven't seen it what if I watch it you
haven't seen it recently okay okay of
course I've seen it everybody's seeing
babe that'd be a hard one to convey that
would be hard to convince my kids to
watch because I'd want to watch it with
my kids you can doesn't you tell my I
mean it's it gets dark but good
children's fables get dark know it's
appropriate for them to watch I'm saying
like hey kids let's watch a movie about
a talking pig I think like they're too
old for it now I think it would trim
them I think it would charm them
apparently no one's too old for cuz rich
Evans loves it review and I'm the oldest
man in the world you are you're 83 years
old and you love babe from the creators
of Mad Max babe I what was it that they
were talking to me about the other day
my kids
oh so it's on the Netflix oh well then
there's definitely gonna happen because
then I don't have to pay for it or I'm
already paying for it I guess to be more
accurate
my oldest who's who's an eight now we
were talking about stuff like so much I
didn't goes Ted have you ever heard of a
movie called The Goonies and I'll
recreate this for the camera because I
was yeah this big smile on my face
mm we're watching Goonies some years ago
yeah yeah goony Goonies is one of those
films that I think every kid needs to
experience because it was wonderful when
I was a kid well that's the thing and
it's a gateway film like a lot of action
a lot of disturbing imagery you have
criminals that are that are ready to
kill kids that's a
perfect gateway movie and so he's like
do you wanna you wanna watch the Goonies
and I was like we could I was like fuck
yeah we can watch the Goonies
anytime you want when a chat when it
comes to eighties movies goodies isn't
near the top I don't hate it it's not
near the top great for kids
sure raise your kids it's not great it's
fantastic says Joe kitty yeah you know
I'm I remember it fondly loved it as a
kid of course absolutely loved it every
kid loves The Goonies rich watch it as
an adult then level quite so as much
I saw Goonies nine times out of it I'm
excited I'm excited to watch Goonies
with the boys little a little a little
uh always go sloth a little sloth action
a little human deformity rich always
great for the children
Oh hammer camp says you fucks
I enjoy sending you guys snacks any
requests what do you usually keep around
the shop uh whatever you're free to send
us wherever the fuck you want that you
surprise us I'm not only allergic to
nuts seafood
okay don't send us those and cats but I
don't think that makes snack some cats
cat hippos no some Pringles don't send
us anything made out of cats Captain
velu 42 says me personally I loved your
review speaking of the witness did the
hidden layer talk mention the
underground theater with the live-action
clips including the one from the 1978
bebe show can BBC shows connections I
did not talk about that no it it briefly
mentioned another layer of puzzles that
is never talked about in the game that
people have to find for themselves in
which I said to myself oh it's
interesting that they added another
layer but man that seems like the same
tedious bullshit yeah so yeah I'm just
not I'm not honestly I'm not sure I'm
even in the mood for XCOM tonight
there's been too much Zelda and I think
going to X calm
give me whiplash okay sure that's why I
wanted to just like ask you a platformer
just something simple yeah I just feel
like I you just feel like gibbering the
night I just felt like gibbering okay so
that's the plan as a plan which is
jibber we've been I feel like we've been
we have gibbering for a while we have I
have not touched this game for a while
in all honesty I don't know that makes
you a terrible stream or what why don't
you put on a naughty dog game we'll take
the yes first of all that's a great idea
we download the little ice of us that's
on Steam right just get some scotch tape
the forward button I can play something
I can play something and talk I can do
something mindless I know how to do
mindless all right
returned dark I love gibbering that's
what I come for
yeah but it's all it's also nice to have
visuals for when we stop gibbering or
there are pauses and gibbering here you
take this I left off on captain blue 42
so atomic Mouse track is next thank you
swell I I get a game for us to play
where I'm Tama the captain blue was when
you read I've read captain blue okay
where's the mouse are we out of
batteries oh no we had a bearish person
over here on the screen what around
where I better just get some new
batteries it'll be fine
maybe you left it on maybe I left it on
oh wait oh no or it wasn't turned out oh
it was turn switch it was turned off is
the problem Cermak mousetraps is
finished Suicide Squad and banana splits
crossover related question have you ever
been upset that something turned out to
be really good no that would be foolish
ever been upset here here's what has
made me upset even if I don't like
something I don't get upset when other
people like something I don't like this
is God you mad about them I'm just
enjoying I'm a fart right no here here's
something that has made me upset I see
some people suggested that we play
spelunky tonight which of course is a
game that I love so much
it's belong key yeah do we have that
down I'll just play spelunky yeah that
sounds great
you know I fuckin love spelunky and now
that I've talked about spelunky I wanna
place Blanca I was gonna just do binding
of issac but it's been a while since
we've done spelunky and I'm sure that
will download fairly quickly 7 hours it
will download and sell well you know
what we'll start now so here's the thing
about spunky spunky one of my favorite
games I've beat all of the all of the
little mini things I've beaten all of
the levels I've gotten all of the goals
you know if you beat it under a certain
amount of time if you beat it with X
amount of money one of my favorite games
I stayed away from spelunky for so long
because of it skirt to nish art style
yeah I thought to myself this is good
look at look at that dumb art style this
is gonna suck and so I was upset that it
turned out to be so good because I
stayed away from it for from so for so
long does that make any sense
ok so that's why that's why I was upset
that it was so good because I could have
been enjoying this good thing before and
I stayed away from it for superficial
reasons I judged it by its cover which
by the way is a perfectly appropriate
thing to do because that's what the
cover is there for it's it's meant to
help sell you on the problems happen
with me yeah Fight Club I avoided I
thought like pit fighting kind of movie
you know like oh I felt like a
bloodsport is some bad huh
I avoided that for far longer than most
of you thought it was like action
schlock yeah yeah he's gotta win the big
fight at the end to see yeah I get it no
you know that is a very different movie
spelunky Shanta hey it's been long he
has finished downloading that's great
Boop
and then we go or not over here that's
not chatty that's what we want
Oh general admin checking in on Frankie
Joe kitty double A one says hey guys you
ever think about doing a best of the
best episode be OTP or to be less
interesting because the movies are good
let's kind of review wait so what like a
best of the worst something it's best of
the best we watch good movies that
wouldn't be anywhere near as
entertaining I don't think and it kind
of defeats the purpose of looking for
new good cheap schlock you have to you
have to figure out why it why is it that
you watch best of the worst right yeah
why do we have fun making it because of
all the jokes and you won't get those
jokes when we watch only good movies
well just you know they'll be maybe
there'll be some good technical talk
like oh this is good because of this
right but you won't get the joke is that
in that review and that's kind of review
right not not that I didn't find flaws
in Demolition Man which I still like
overall yeah yeah
all right hold on
speelunk
what
fatal error the other thing people ask
about is like a best of best of the
worst night but three movies really
liked against each other and that would
that would just be redundant because
we've all we've already talked about
those movies right right
oh yeah there's no and people are like
what about like a worst of the worst
like you take you know three losers and
try Pharaoh is the best it's like once
we've seen a movie the magic is gone
vaguely vaguely very early on I toyed
with the idea of suggesting something
like a tournament like all the movies we
liked and we'll do a tournament right
okay it wouldn't work for that reason I
only wanted to do it because I had a
name for it okay
March Madness nice yeah yeah March
badness if we ever do if we ever do like
a basketball themed one that's what we
could call it oh I forgot about the
Demoman sex scene way to be thorough
review what do you what do you want us
to say about that scene that's
interesting yeah it scene happened we
could mention that it happened but I got
I got nothing particularly interesting
to say about that scene and I want to
say like we did talk about it but I
don't know that we did if we did it came
up in passing about that yeah they had
that sex scene it wasn't like what do
you say about it yeah they did that
sorry buddy hold on I'm trying to make
this for some reason OBS isn't being
isn't being nice
Jack don't forget to set HUD to pro mode
why what happens then I don't fucking
know
great ok I said it's a pro mode Sean
says if you have not read it I would
recommend Superman American alien
it's like someone asked what if Superman
was raised in Kansas by loving parents
and had human flaws so much better than
Schneider yo
jinho did Superman American alien I know
if you're aware of this why rich who
might have written Superman American
alien why that was max landis what you
mean friend of red letter media max
landis we have a signed copy of the
first issue here somewhere
yeah yeah yeah Karen like Karen loves it
American alien all right like he brought
he actually brought like an advance copy
of like it's two or three every which
one it was
yeah when he when he was here and it's
fine it's Karen loves it
we are having so many issues getting
spelunky to play approximate put it on
windowed mode it is in windowed mode it
is monitor camp sure
it's a borderless window go to yeah go
to oh wait you made it to restart good
graphics what happens alright go to full
screen off screen off select there you
go change the resolution so the screen
will be in bigan to 1080 will at 1080
ply screen settings okay there you go
right now we're getting this
here we go oh hey come over here
now let's I got your tip and that's you
know what that stitches too bizarre for
me to read and are you trying to be
funny but it's vaguely insulting so uh
yeah thanks that's fair I'm not I'm not
sure how to take this Jack I'm not at
all if that's just weird humor or
insulting humor I'm not sure and this is
why our fans scare me
some of them okay you do you rich you do
you there it is there it is now it's
working so lack of hearing a voice I'm
just I'm not sure if that's meant to be
insulting or not I'm not

[Part II]
transcript missing
