Mar 19, 2017
Evil, Nier: Automata
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/135171641
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/135177031
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89rwyzTjD18
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3054_kdAcbk
https://twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/843529706813247488
https://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/evil

[Part I]
beware the spook ometer look at this
yeah it's spooky spooky Dookie the plan
is to eventually played near tonight
right that is that is of course the plan
okay
of course the plan is to do that it is
still downloading it is still
downloading okay it's a lot larger of a
game than we were thinking I don't I
don't think we can make a full night of
seizure the game oh my god so so we we
quickly checked okay it stops flashing
now right we quickly checked these steam
new releases monster right in your face
when the light comes back on and and we
found evil which looked right up our
alley and I'll show you why I'll show
you I'll show you exactly why as soon as
the game starts and doesn't load anymore
we were we were looking at the new
releases and this game popped up and
there was something that spoke to me as
a game and I really loved it and so I
made rich I made rich download it
immediately so I could play it because
we got we have like an hour until near
totem automata
that's an iron festival I obsessively
watch everything that has to do with
Marvel film productions the second it's
released oh wait I do I've seen two
episode zero and I don't think I'm ever
going to I don't I don't care enough
yeah it's here here's here's what you
shouldn't have for the first two
episodes clearly should have been cut
down to one episode yeah there is a ton
of filler it's pretty boring the camera
work is really uninteresting I hate
looking at Danny ran because he has this
awful beard and the characters are kind
of dull yeah that being said it's not
the worst thing in the world it's just
not very exciting so far right it took
two full episodes to get to to get him
to use his power once two full episodes
at the very
of the second episode we see his powers
alright
that's too long for a show with pout
here we go Lois look at this rich first
shot when you wake up okay
she's crazy like you look down there
really was someone or was i
hallucinating I go wash my face with
cold water what is that the grammar I go
wash my face with cold water no I do not
need open I do not need open it oh my
god oh my god I don't want to drink
that's good boobies a nurse right there
oh wait is she is she in a bikini bottom
- no maybe those are that's where some
like panties that are like gripping on
ya heart of ice what that is oh yeah
what the fuck is this I feel tingly this
is evil this is like a super spooky game
and when you look down as your character
you got boobies and I love it and I
think it's hilarious like normally in a
first-person game you look down and you
don't see anything right
that was clearly put there just so
people could look down I don't see if we
go excuse me door what's our volume set
up for the game yeah normal I don't know
if there is any audio
should turn it up a little bit and the
dust but there's no there's no audio
there might be some spooky music Jack
there's no we can hear it when you see a
spooky thing I imagine there will be
spooky music okay settings there's no
settings changes in here chittering okay
there's no but there's no music rich oh
okay desktop audio is turned up a bit i
can hear it a bit there's no there's no
there's no sound playing rich do you
understand what I'm saying that there is
no sound playing all right I just looked
over it it looks really low to me
there's no big it looks really low cause
there's nothing you see how there's new
really like that green bouncy line what
were the settings like we was need
enabled enable light need an able light
you want to see the setting yeah what
are our options wonderful
post-processing we have it set to ultra
we can go down a effects
we're on ultra ultra so we're gonna see
a screen resolution I went to 720 just
in case all right you know and enable
full screen mode okay okay so right now
we need to we need to splash cold water
on her face that is our that is our our
mission right now we can't we can't go
in that door because we need to enable
lights you need a naval light we need a
neighborhood we need it all right let's
need a naval light okay so let's see if
there's a naval light over here closed
well that was kind of obvious closed me
was never allowed to enter their boobs
need a naval light
oh wait is this the light yeah what is
onus whoo I found it what is my opinion
on fake boobs like these or like to seal
it something about like silicone or
saline yeah I've never had my hands on a
pair of fake blue I can't I can't tell
you if there are any textural
differences that are detectable and you
know when it comes to boobs does such
things too big not sure totally such a
thing is too big I come here with you
there what say you need a neighbor light
okay
who is that where is that okay sounds
like it's coming from here
hey who's there it was there almost
those grammatical in his father's office
has access to cameras who's his we're
not at his Lois could be a guy who had a
boob job and like it like it was a bet
I've met one guy in Vegas somebody like
offered to pay him like five hundred
thousand dollars if we got a boob job
and he did it yeah for five hundred
thousand maybe his walk around with
boobs for a little bit then you know you
get him taken out obviously can we call
in his father's office
he has camera shoes can't put on some
shoes now okay
oh look at this look at that
can I take that no big creepy of that
slowly started moving towards you can I
take this no you guys still owes
everyone I can't oh that's supposed to
be outside there's no such thing as too
big just to fake some girls have all
natural beach balls what does it matter
of the fake I think that was the
question the question was about fake
boobs yeah yeah no no there is too big
beach balls them natural or not are not
as attractive as something just a little
bit more reasonable as far as your taste
as far as my tastes are concerned yes I
don't like beach balls yeah fake or not
my point
okay hey look and if anybody needs
plastic surgery it's me
they're just talking about what I find
attractive yeah way too big beach balls
way too big I don't care if they're
natural a bike true that I suppose need
a key he must be in one of the rooms
maybe we shouldn't turn the sound down
what the fuck was that that's maybe
maybe we should turn the sound down
did you guys hear that how could they
not hear that we just go back over
Tobias turn that turn that desktop audio
down a little bit honestly that was
because this is a horror game right no
what's gonna happen when you get sudden
loud noises over here all right okay
great it's one of those games
oh yeah it's one of those games on sale
right now look at the pictures of Audrey
Hepburn so weird this is this is the
weirdest part for me it's like somebody
didn't know who Audrey Hepburn was was
just looking for old-timey photos is
that what that is right maybe we need
some old-timey photos like whose photo
is this is that a cat that's a cat can I
do anything with that photo no okay
anyway back on the hunt Ridge back on
the hunt for what we're looking for his
office or his father's office so we can
get a camera he doesn't know where that
is apparently I don't know where that
everywhere the TV was no because nothing
you could do with the TV no there's
nothing I could do with the TV there's a
bathroom that's that looks like an
office but that's not it
this is a house sharor apart this is an
apartment complex house this looks like
a hotel closed me was never allowed to
enter there
oh the hunt for good gameplay how is
this how is this significantly different
from alien isolation you know okay first
of all snap
second of all you know there were some
polish parents room
hmm what is this book
this is satanic symbol what makes this
book here what makes this book here what
makes this book yeah I love it
do do do do do you know there's some
polish to alien isolation oh it looks
nicer yeah this if you're just looking
for straight I do not need open it
that was parents I think this is
supposed to be a house I know that's the
weird thing I wait I'm supposed to wash
my at the beginning of this game the
lady told me to wash my face that I
needed to wash my face are you leaving
right away yeah sure you just talked
about stuff in the back alright I got
that I'll get it I'll get it the I'm
gonna a I'm gonna keep playing spooky
richest guy do some business this is
some spooky shit and look at look at the
boobs right she's in a spooky hotel in
the beginning what sense does that make
you okay
read that tip Mount Everest is a goal
many wants to climb rich I get where
you're saying not every house needs to
be Trump Tower
sometimes a gopher hole size says I'm
alright don't nobody worry about me
boobs
everybody's got different tastes you
know everyone's got different tastes if
you're in the if you're into the big
ones it's great and if you're not it's
great there's someone for everyone
that's the important part there's
someone for her needs enable I oh hey I
know how to do that now I can enable
light what
this is the scariest part of the game
can I shower look at this there's like a
washing machine next to the toilet no
dryer no dryer do you see this this is
crazy I'm gonna show rich that later
we'll come back we'll come back to that
we'll come back to that okay that's
where I came from we were there already
there's there's too dark there's two
duck oh okay
come on needs enable light I'm an abling
light needs an able light okay we did
that already it's camera okay we have to
find his office why is our battery
running low our battery should not be
running well hold hold hold the phone
guys we gotta we gotta be battery spooky
hold on
hey everybody don't lend me I just have
to go over here and plug something in
really quick I'm gonna be really close
to the camera okay I'm back
okay jack is going to jump scare us I
didn't jump scare okay all right back to
the back - oh look at that look at those
boobs hi hi everybody
nice job pausing that shouldn't it
doesn't matter because nothing happened
- fucking right okay we can't go in the
dragon head room we were never allowed
in there we've been in all those rooms
we're looking for an office have I been
in here closed or looking for some sort
of office this looks like an office
that's not it that's where we heard the
noises okay that's a kitchen have you
been in there yeah I've been there
oh yeah that's got a bike in it that's a
very strange room just to have a bike in
it I have we've been up in here need a
key must be in one of the rooms okay
let's see if we can open up the drawers
what what holy cow sirs did you guys see
that
you guys get back
I mean rich is gonna be so upset that he
missed all the spooky things rich is
missing a hundred percent of the
Scoobies spooky things oh my god there
was a ghoul
there was a ghoul in a closet rich yeah
yeah a straight-up ghoul let's see if we
can get another one
no that's just a dress can I put on the
dress no all right
we're looking for a key that's in
someone's room
so did you died no I did not died the
ghoul said Wow and then disappeared he
didn't even say why she said boom you
know like it was like a musical cue can
I get like a knife okay I open any of
this stuff can I do any of this I
disabled oh that's sad it was it was
very sad no the 300th game in prereq
this is no no we MN yeah hi guys did you
know this is the 300th game on prereq
live I plan to put together a little
video to mark the occasion but first I
need to learn how to edit a video see
it's 600 thank you number three number
three hundred we get evil this is great
this is great house house new you're
doing I don't want to take a shower I do
not want to take a shower maybe I do
know how Zelda B OTW going those awful
awful initials I hate that game so much
for taking those initials right
okay coming that's just static why does
it not work well we film something the
way this works is this is gonna come out
you know a month after the game did
that's how it always works the brakes
them's the brakes we got it we got a
video in the can of us talking about
Zelda and I'm editing it now and yeah
okay well we gonna we got to look for a
keycard
oh oh there's something I need to show
you a peerage it's baffling I found a
new room okay
yeah we're now I'm gonna look through
this way because it's a bathroom right
yeah there's a toilet over there's a tub
and shower uh-huh are you ready for it
yeah what the fuck she's a single
standalone washer and no sink and no
dryer and no sink you know what there's
no fucking sink in here that bathtubs
like the size of a mermaid right is that
crazy
can I get in there no it's crazy rich
yes what is that picture going off the
frame Taron turn around wriggling honey
it's like an art all right all right
it's like supposed to be our yeah yeah
all right there's a keycard in someone's
room maybe in my room can I look away
can I go on my laptop no I am NOT
thirsty I do not I do not want to drink
you wash your hands on the toilet you
know if you never use the toilet as a
toilet never ever never ever use it as a
toilet that's fine yeah just water all
right do you what is that the table okay
none of these rooms have a goddamn
keycard you write a fucking mermaid or a
centaur well neither probably be
especially pleasant this or even so even
anywhere to stick anything with a
mermaid fish don't fish to reproduce by
like the lady fish like legs come on
eggs come out and the male fish kind of
swim around the
no physical contact right sorry so if I
got to choose but again like some sharks
bear live Young's and I I really don't
know how that works
waitwhat cloaca yes
what's a cloaca what's a shark like fish
birds fish birds fish and birds it's the
same hole for P pop and sex I'm gonna
find this key card rich it is now
mermaids have mouths that's not sex
that's just a blowjob that's a form of
intimacy I would not say that is sex I'm
not getting involved in this I'm not
gonna get involved in the grade mermaid
sex debatin key card key card if I were
to take a wild guess yeah it's in the
same room as all the spooky shit says
kiddy the chat scrolled up too fast me
to read the name kiddy something this
was the room with the spooky shit and I
opened the closet and there's a spooky
ghoul on there which confirm for
thinking BJ's aren't sex they're sexual
but they aren't sex you're not gonna
have a baby giving a blowjob or else
you're doing it very very wrong right I
mean
and I don't know what room the other
spooky thing happened in could be on the
bike rich don't you think that Zelda Bo
TW could attract new viewers for best of
the best of the worst that you are
looking that are looking for info in the
game and instead find best of the worst
no because there's gonna be so much best
of the worst video and infos that it's
gonna completely drown out and bury best
of the worst you get you can google bo
TW and you're gonna get fifty eight
pages of justice elders elders elders
elder before you run across the first
best of the worst episode agreed and
most people are probably typing zelda bo
TW so unless we find some sort of zelda
video to do a best of the worst of its
it's all mute no can i get any of you
know son of a bourgeois this god damn
key
what were what were me and Jay talking
about what were Jay and myself talking
about how much we hate you people yeah
that's what we usually tell it wasn't
something mundane and business-related
right it was we was horrible deep dark
secrets that nobody else can know about
like we're you know where we were gonna
bury the body or what body yours that
was gonna be a surprise well I guess I'm
I feel glad knowing well does my
favorite Disney cartoon oh yeah that's
pretty good
just Pixar come no one I like how you
take you take my take your which is like
you take my ruling on whether or not
Pixar counts I like that okay this is
the other room where the spooky stuff
happened and I think this games makes me
motion sick or just say I do not need to
open it fuck is this key what the fuck
is this key
oh hey boobs don't forget about boobs
okay hold on for a moment
am I gonna have to look up a walkthrough
right now this is Jack maybe you can
help me yeah
on one hand I'm not sure overwatch is my
kind of game and I don't have that much
money okay
two dollars less now some of those
characters have amazing asses then you
just download like wallpapers
yes characters and sexy poses yeah there
you go the birds one stone you know the
question is is are you into multiplayer
team-based first-person shooters
you know and if you're not sure whether
you'd be into that download for free
Team Fortress 2 and fuck around with
that because you can get that for free
if that if you know that's your type of
game already overwatch has a fine active
community there's a ton of people
playing it right now they're still
updating it and I believe it's really
fun if you are into that type of genre
so for me it's been incredibly worth it
as far as as far as play time but I mean
I get it
you uh you only got so much money to
spend you want to spend it on a game
that you're gonna get some time out of
just remember it's it's an online-only
multiplayer class-based team shooter and
if you are cool with that it's key in
here down there where's Jay
what's Jay doing how was Jay when you
talk to him rich was he good I hope he's
doing good did I take him here oh yeah I
did
someone the chat and has since scrolled
up asked me if I had seen the awful
ah somebody in the chat has lost if I
had seen the awful
Mass Effect Andromeda animations oh yes
yes that that has been quite the love of
the Internet as of late I haven't seen
many of these animations I've seen one
derpy like smile uh-huh I can't say much
on that one thing that this stand out is
how absolutely scrunt the
player-character model is and I realized
why okay it's because they were too lazy
to make different sets of armors and
models and equipment for the male and
female characters so they made the guy
scrawny so they could use the exact same
armor nice okay I made a spoof I made a
spooky thing happened does that mean I
can find my fucking key now yeah
apparently a ton of walking animation is
really janky in crew including one that
makes it look like they're crab walking
oh look what happens if I if I don't
touch it that's just because my MATLAB
bored some some of the like the
lip-syncing makes it look like they're
gonna just all derp just all derp old
Bioware is dead these are entirely new
people and they are owned by EA mmm I
don't know why you would have any hope
for the game
where does where does my sense of humor
come from do I have any comedic
influences I don't I don't have any
influences in the sense that there are
people I am trying to imitate and model
myself after I'll tell you that mm-hmm
that's some weird-ass sideboob okay this
is just what happens if if you're
looking down and you're pressing right
and left they couldn't even they
couldn't even animate this they couldn't
animate the in-betweens that's great
that's great yeah I love George Carlin I
wouldn't say I have pattered myself
after him as a form of imitation or
flattery I mean it's funny I've done my
own thing though when I I'm just a man
with a horribly dark sense of humor you
know that's a part of it sometimes you
just say weird things and you know if
people laugh you say it's funny if
people laugh then you say it's a joke
and it's great what's going on with
these curtains oh you know what did I
touch I do not need to open it what'd I
ever do a Mass Effect 3 review in the
style of the placate videos other people
have already done it that that horse has
been beaten to death so you don't you
don't think you'd have anything new
probably not to brings it strangely
strangely I'll try and find out who has
done some of the good ones and maybe
someday I will link them here oh yeah
that's a good idea that's a good idea
rich I've been in here
oh I found the key I found the key it
was gray shaped on the dark shaped thing
it was a gray key on the aw that's
bullshit I found it okay found it I
found it
let's go boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo
Boop I know I love it really bad
box to make a game that people can laugh
at is that maybe was that the thinking
yeah maybe
gobbly gook says so I tried to do a
48-hour sit-down of Mass Effect 3 for
fun and got to the Citadel it reminded
me that the game is Star Wars on
elevator music Starbucks Rogers
corporate trick never again I don't know
a lot about Mass Effect and I don't want
to talk about it okay
I'm sad they're coming out with another
one because I'm gonna have to keep
hearing about it mm-hmm I hope it
quietly bombs and goes away soon excuse
me door tired said says rich as George
Lucas could you please analyze why
Ridley Scott is planning an other alien
film after alien covenant which will be
a prequel to alien covenant and a sequel
to prometheus George Lucas I can't I I
can't give George Lucas that much
insight you know I don't care I've got
four billion dollars from white slavers
but I got four billion dollars and I
just don't give a fuck about you I hate
you actually you people you fans are the
worst people and go to hell take Ridley
Scott and shove them up your ass
momily are gonna be laughing on my bed
which is constructed entirely of $100
bills it's not it's not very comfortable
what's the least interesting place I
visited Milwaukee so that here's the fun
part
like you can't do anything oh there we
go Jesus Christ I go to the kitchen and
drink a pill I go to the kitchen and
drink a pill rich okay okay I go to the
kitchen and drink a pill
well something spooky happened in the
kitchen but again Kyra's just a heads up
before you played near the game director
wears a creepy moon mask all the time
there is controversy with the main
characters but whole it has five main
endings and 21 joke endings
the butthole has five main endings this
is what you're telling me there's
controversy with the main characters but
whole and then a different sentence it
has five main endings okay you know just
see where that might be confusing also
somebody in the chat post something
which is long think it's accidents world
of course I think I got the summary they
were comparing Wolverine to Superman
Wolverine to Superman is a character
that can't get hurt
yeah and narrative Lee what you do is
you haven't worried about the people
around them who can get hurt yes
Wolverine is a character who can't
really get hurt and can they take cues
from like Superman and there's a little
for in storytelling be about keeping
other people from getting hurt the drama
that's the conflict no the Wolverine can
and does get hurt that never means
anything but no no see that's the that
was the the heart of Wolverine I think
that's something that they did very well
in the first x-men movie is he
constantly gets hurt he can heal himself
but the the drama in Wolverine is how he
endures through the pain
okay okay so so it's not necessarily the
same thing yes he you know he's
indestructible no Superman should take
cues from Wolverine somebody's son I got
that wrong no no that scrolled up fast I
didn't get to read at all
Superman's do take usual well then you
need to completely rethink Superman's
character because like I said the the
thing that makes Logan that makes
Wolverine an interesting character a
character that we like to watch and read
is because he's a badass right because
he can oh like he gets shot and there's
blood everywhere and it gets his arm
ripped off but he'll just grow back
because he's so badass that's not what
Superman should be there are two
different characters so so no I can't
get a glass of water to take pill let me
take pill no no the other way around
should Warner Brothers take cues from
Wolverine they should just I mean they
shouldn't take cues from Wolverine they
should take cues from Superman thank you
rich
thank you rich that was a very good way
to put that hey hey do you think do you
think we should take our superhero who's
very totally different than this other
superhero and take take Tom take take
some cues from this other superhero who
thematically has nothing to do with our
superhero yeah no you know what the man
Batman should take cues after the
Powerpuff Girls because you know that's
a popular show on television right yeah
fuck man
that's what Superman should be yes
that's what they should take cues from
are those pills what do I have to do
what do I have to do here guys I don't
know walk around to some screams yeah
yeah
that's what is near downloaded
yeah no you shall god I can see Oh God
all right I can't click on any of these
can click on cams also what did you guys
think of Logan I haven't I haven't seen
it them not us have never been a super
big x-men fan actually I have never read
an x-men comic book really and all my
ears yeah all my years of collecting
comics I've never sat down and read oh
let's check out this x-men thing and you
know I am an x-men fan and I'm even a
Wolverine fan but unfortunately I just
haven't haven't had a chance to get out
and see it yet too many fucking
characters and too much fucking angst oh
the world hates us there's 70 of them
mm-hmm I can't be fucking bothered to
get into the x-men shouldn't like that
gambit character I haven't seen him in
15 years
like I said I'm a eventually see Logan
just because I hear Logan is really good
yes but I'm not I'm not overly concerned
with Wolverine as the the character that
I've loved since forever because I
haven't loved him since forever right
I'm excited to see it I'm excited to see
it I just haven't got out to it
unfortunately which confirmed for prick
come on man it mirrors the civil rights
movement well that's fine at all I don't
know why that makes an interesting
superhero comic book yeah you could
watch a documentary about the civil
rights movement that maybe maybe it's
because I'm a white dude but I can't
really identify with that personally
that doesn't speak to me in the way that
Peter Parker does well you know but it's
to me you know x-men the larger theme
was just outcast you know we've been
outcast and so like a lot like Peter
Parker we're just like people who don't
belong in the real world and you've
never felt you've never felt like that
here's the important thing but a group
of outcasts yeah they shared I'm not a
part of any fucking groups you're not
part of any group rich you're not part
of any group rich kind of friends but I
identify as a comic book nerd and that
is my identity and I will base my
lifestyle around that a group of friends
is this still a group rich and so you
know like growing up I like the x-men
because that's what it was it was like
hey me and my me and my freak friends I
have we got a place in the world there
was nice it was nice everyone could just
leave me the fuck alone too late too bad
too bad rich
I'm fuckin I'm a fuckin hermit by nature
I really am yeah yeah yeah I think I
would be too if it weren't for the the
people around me I think I would be a
hermit naturally you can tell I'm a
hermit because my group of friends has
not expanded very much that's true I
went to the kitchen could someone look
up a walkthrough and just tell me where
to go
cuz I'm lost I can't I can't take a pill
in the kitchen this bathroom doesn't
have a sink either they they they
thought enough to put a toilet bowl
brush in the bathroom but not a sink but
not a sink
that's about the person who made this
game maybe hey if you do you know why
you know what it is don't shake the hand
of the person who made this game no one
that wherever they got their assets to
make this game they didn't make these
textures yeah models themselves they
just didn't have a sink model and
texture sure we got access to this other
stuff but they did not have a sink and
then plug in in the Unreal Engine stock
texture pack there was no sink yeah sure
sure what is happening last
my character said that they needed to
she needed to go to the kitchen and take
a pill and so I'm in the kitchen and I
can't grab cups and I can't grab
whatever those things are and I'm not
hungry and the microwave is disabled and
I can't open a drawer and I can't do
anything at the sink here and I can't
use the spoons and if I go to the oven
to put my fucking head in it it says not
interesting and if I go to the
refrigerator way over here this is
really poor fridge placement by the way
way on the other side of the fucking
kitchen I say I'm not hungry so I don't
know what to do I'm gonna turn off the
lights I can't turn off the lights can I
close the door
watch Logan before the Beauty and the
Beast movie which I wouldn't worry about
it I have absolutely no interest in a
live-action Beauty and the Beast movie
saying what's the fucking point we had
animated one what's the fucking point
right like I'm a fan of the animated
Beauty and the Beast and I don't give
two fucks about seeing the the
live-action movie does the irony of a
live version of previously recorded
weigh heavily on your soul now that was
that was the joke welcome to the joke
intentional that was most of the reason
why we decided to name the show
previously recorded was so that we could
get in the joke of when we livestream it
will be previously recorded live that is
a big part of the joke actually
originally no it was good they
originally we're gonna call it live
previously recorded is that it so then
the stream was we're gonna be live
previously recorded live that was
actually the original call alive I
wanted to do that was my idea that we
had previously recorded because I wanted
to call it live you just wanna go Hawaii
asleep recording haha I don't remember
yeah that's funny what do you do no cup
or pill Zets
yeah playing Zelda yeah we played Zelda
yes review soon yes stream right now
playing horizon we streamed solo like
twice yeah it's obvious we've played it
I have beaten it I have defeated
calamity Ganon Sean says Sean I thought
there already was a version of Superman
that acted like a Wolverine called Lobo
this is true is that I don't know
anything about Lobo kind of like
apparently Wolverine only would
Superman's powers okay well then there
you go lot more homicidal
then then Logan Logan is pretty high
cycle
can be a flat-out villain oh okay okay
sure
well Wolverines started out as a villain
today his first appearance was in well
technically his first appearance was in
a Hulk comic but what's the villain or
somebody who was fighting the home he
was someone who's fighting the Hulk
why was he fighting the Hulk us the
question was well maybe not a villain a
villain to the Hulk
yeah yeah you know he wanted to take
down the whole antagonist he was an
antagonist yeah maybe not a villain I'm
just gonna walk backwards take a look at
them gams how awful those are okay
Jesse's fine it's just not a camera Jack
LaLanne says good job guys can you give
a quick top-five of your military
strategists thank you for the quality
streaming choose time 5 what military
strategist King Leonidas is up there
if I fucking kick a lot of Persian ass
and he did it with a handful of soldiers
- oh sure the 300 King Leonidas might be
number one
yeah well Alexander the great right yeah
yeah
he yeah that yeah he always wanted he
never lost a battle that was his deal
they say in a battle you lose the most
soldiers during a retreat and that's why
that's why King Alexander didn't lose
that many soldiers cuz he always won
that fucker always knew I was Evan
leonidas lost rich that's not that's not
the point actually he won their goal was
to slow them down which successful
beyond his wildest dreams didn't you see
the movie they made a whole movie in the
movie just you know real life here's the
upsetting part is when I'm in this
screen I can't go to the menu like I can
just look at the different cameras can I
take a picture robert e lee was a badass
yeah but i have no respect for him
because he fought to keep people in
Chains if fuck robert e lee fuck him you
know what fuck him
George Washington was he a good general
no strategy was just to keep running
away yeah but he won it worked didn't
know wasn't he the one that came up with
the strategy of not standing in a line
and shoot at each other wasn't wasn't he
okay like normally in a war we all stand
in the line and we shoot at each other
and then we all reload and then we stay
in the same line and shoot each other
what if we didn't stand in a line wasn't
that George Washington who's like let's
like hide in trees and shit uh-huh and
you know I'm not sure I believe that was
George Washington I'm sure
speaking of military strategists I'm on
Episode three now of countdown to
Armageddon that a hardcore history
podcast all about like the start of
World War one thank you again whoever
recommended that to me that is one of
the greatest listens ever just as man
telling a story about how World War one
got started and that the constant theme
is how no one was prepared for how
devastating modern war machines would be
losing tens of thousands of men a day
just and no one had any idea they use
like the French soldiers were going into
battle wearing caps not helmets not
helmets and it's mushy there's machine
gunfire they weren't expecting machine
gunfire death death surrounded all of us
the real van thank you I've been having
such a great I was I was doing a lot of
housework this weekend and just
listening to the hardcore history
countdown to Armageddon podcast and it's
so fucking good so fucking good I was
gonna check it out streams by the time I
get home I've forgotten all ya know and
you know the the most interesting part
to me was the the entire first podcast
like three hours just in and all that
got us up to was like the first day of
the war I know you said this when you
started talking about it but somebody in
the chat is asking what is the name of
this podcast it is called the hard core
history podcast and if you go to episode
49 or 50 I forget what it is it's called
countdown to Armageddon hardcore history
and if they're free available on his
website and on iTunes pot the podcast is
countdown to Armageddon the podcast name
is hardcore history and it's all about
world war one why it got started who the
main players were and the utter
devastation because no one was prepared
for modern machinery in war it was it's
fantastic fan flippin tastic was a
problem with a civil war what technology
and I would strip their old techniques
their standing a lion and shoot at each
other was wasn't a good idea anymore yep
darn senses Joe men get elo I'm sure I'd
mangled that is unsure he will be
playing Deathstroke in the Batman solo
film aren't you guys excited that the DC
films are in such good hands right you
know what I heard about the Batman movie
that's probably not gonna get made yeah
they're ripping off Arkham Asylum oh
yeah like diet it's like it's gonna be
like dining out it's gonna be Batman in
prison ripping off the Arkham games you
could do worse Batman might actually
have to do some Batman stuff in a movie
like that so that would be great
that would be fantastic no and I was
just I was reading some sort of thing on
the flash movie about how like no one in
DC none of the actors none of the
writers have talked about that movie in
months and I have heard it's on hold
because they're they're waiting for the
whole thing to crash and burn now yeah I
got a waste of time of course the whole
thing crashes in burn
kurz have their pants down halfway
through a flash movie in a universe
that's already dead sorry Jen says hi
what hiya meet Zelda and now just slowly
getting all the shrines in gear great
game as a whole disappointing ending did
you have a fav
if you did any I guess mine would be
building up my town uh that game is big
enough I don't think I'm even close to
having done all of the side quests I
would say I very much enjoy the game I
very much enjoy you will hear us talk
more about it and you know what there's
enough to that game I'm afraid our
conversation isn't going to do it
justice that's my major fear about our
conversation about the game is we just
we just forgot to talk about things
because there's so many things to talk
about
yeah yeah yeah and I'm editing now so
we'll find we'll find out shortly can I
go to bed no like I'm supplier kitchen
stool please I spent a lot of time what
I'm doing in in Zelda Bo TW now is
securing supply lines like I'm using I'm
using those pins and if I I know we're a
good weapon spawns in the next Blood
Moon I put a little sword there you know
mm-hmm oh here's a here's a good spot
where I can get heavy durians make some
good food out of that but put a little
leaf pin there I'm figuring out where
all this stuff is I've picked up a
kitchen stool rich okay Jack you can
pick up the stool in the kitchen and do
what with it what can I do with it now
can I reach this thing can I put it down
now what do I do with it I think really
I just I like exploring then that's the
one thing they had to do right yeah was
that cleavage oh yeah by the way if you
weren't here at the beginning of the
game you look down this is the reason
why I wanted to play this while we were
waiting for Nero Toma mama and look at
this look at this hey Jack
wandering around aimlessly that's a good
trick yeah I've been doing that top
shelf pills you can pick up the stool in
the kitchen to reach the pills in the
top show oh yeah good they are up there
okay so can I put the stool how do I put
this tool down your paws make sure nears
now pause that bar has not moved much we
all have it how do i how do i how do i
okay I have this tool how do I get them
how do I get the pills hold on let's
double check is set to still download
while we were while we are playing a
game yes make sure this is still
downloading it is still downloading well
their steam settings as far as
downloading while playing a game
obviously it is still downloading
because if we did minimize the game huh
we did minimize the game though but
remember before it was at an hour that's
at 22 minutes all right we're gonna
we're gonna get get our money's worth
out of artificially inflated game size
to prevent piracy and its pain and
everyone's fucking ass we're gonna get
to a point where you only fit three
games in your hard drive when I read the
hint I actually mentioned literally
using this tool in your hand to reach
out for the pills rather than put it the
stand down yeah but I cannot put it down
try different bums
I'm trying every but too close you
probably too close to the counter
remember this is surely designed right
sure walk a decent ways away can you put
it down now no start smashing all of the
keys I'm smashing all of the keys
how do I put it down how do I put it
down how do I put it down
just stare at your boobs for 22 more
minutes boobs
blue Altaf for I know that trick how do
I put it down brothers just go the James
Bond route and say fuck continuity no
because they're trying to ape the Marvel
films which are doing a shitload of
money it's that's the most shocking
thing that's how also thinking I'm gonna
get you to care about an Aquaman movie
see that's the real fucked-up part about
WB is they were clearly trying to ape
the success of the Marvel franchise yet
they did not go about it in the way that
Marvel went about it right well they
wanted to go right there right there was
no slow build-up I just oh God
oh my god what happened just doing his
home clicking the mouse button randomly
and moving around okay all right did I
get him did I get the pills whoa oh can
you jump on the counter Oh tired sad
says isn't a DC shared cinematic
universe and a Justice League film
inherently flawed since Batman lives in
a world that isn't compatible with
Superman Aquaman and Wonder Woman Batman
wouldn't but he does in the comics no
and you know oh oh look you can just
jump right up on the counter you don't
need you know you don't need shit in a
world where Batman faces down
super-powered villains why shouldn't
anybody give a fuck when to face shows
up with his gang yeah like like you
remember the Marvel DC crossover years
back Batman punched out the scorpion did
he yeah
scorpion is stronger than spider-man
Batman just punches him in the nose one
punch why the fuck should I give a shit
when the penguin is robbing a bank right
you dastardly you dastardly mob boss
penguin you you have Batman beating up
super-powered villains and you just
invalidate Batman's entire fucking
rogues gallery good work
water is in my room okay okay water is
in my room I got the pills now yeah well
but you know what there could be some
fun in there you can you can get one fun
movie if Batman's used to fighting
gangsters and maybe maybe is a little
cocky about it and then gets in over his
head
right and Superman is is is mr. black
and white mr. right and wrong and maybe
he has to deal with a villain who is
little gray right that's Batman's
territory so like you could get these
these just disparate and different
heroes together and make something fun
out of it the proud the the problem
right now with the WB Cinematic Universe
oh look
Oh parent apparently that was a losing
move the problem with the DC Cinematic
Universe is Batman and Superman are
essentially the same character in Batman
vs Superman uh-huh and so there's no
there's no harmony right they're not
playing off of each other like they
should big v66 91 says the house looks
like a Sim three house but the player
run out of money so she couldn't buy
sinks a dryer decorations or proper
clothes 10 of 10 mochi b85 says rich hi
rich I'm listening to the pirate history
podcast I wasn't prepared for that level
of history it's fascinating
uncharted game story is like a Cliff's
Notes version of the podcast but cost a
hundred bucks higher history's good I
gotta check out hardcore history novel
history I'm telling you just it's just
this world war one wonder like like I
said I kept talking about how I think
World War 1 is a more interesting
setting you know world war 2 obviously
gets chosen off for stories because the
villain is so easy but world war 1 the
reason world war 1 got started is
basically just because Germany wanted to
whip their dick around yeah there were
new country they're like hey we need
some respect whip whip whip and that's
it right and and so like their any of
the people who got involved in war like
did so for greyish reasons and there's
not a clear-cut reason the setting isn't
the setting is what's not stupid like
like I said tanks versus a battalion of
horses because they were not they were
not prepared for modern warfare say I
think I think of trench warfare and
that's that's kind of dull
depressing yeah we're Ferriss depressing
that not like that blitz oh it is it is
World War two had the Blitz and giant
fucking bombs that's what old words Oh
God
all right okay everyone cover it that's
our history episode jeff has there ever
been a good World War one movie if
that's what you got out of the heart I'm
oversimplifying why World War one
started by the way we know what I
remember is it closes a clusterfuck of
treaties is what it was well sounds like
those wine we have gonna love it we got
a war that was sure but you know the the
instigator was was Serbia and
austria-hungary and then yes then the
clusterfuck of treaties but I want to
say that the real instigator was Germany
Germany Germany is the one that went on
the offensive hey everyone cover your
ears real quick
sorry ah I'm trying to figure out how to
get past this uh ghost lady Sri Chen
says looking forward to the episode yeah
it's really huge I still have many more
side quests - I know ejected but have
you done the main story part she had to
or still mostly exploring loved the
castle I have I have not begun yet I
wanna I want to I want to do like all
those things but I want again it's gonna
be the last thing I do yeah near is not
done downloading yet basically Germany
had pre-planned to take on Russia and
France at the same time the war started
yeah and then France had this old treaty
with England where England needed to
help out but the real thing that
happened was it it was the Dutch I wanna
say was the Dutch and Germany had to go
through
where did they have to go through they
had to go through her country in order
to get to France on time and they were
like we will go through this country and
and the Dutch will get will just you
know let us go through the country no
problem and the Dutch said fuck you the
Dutch Belgians the Belgians oh I was so
close the Dutch we're the Dutch the
Belgians the Dutch of the Dutch okay
Belgium so yeah they had to go there to
go through the Belgians to get to France
and they they they thought that the
Belgians were gonna let him through and
they got stopped and fucked up all their
plans but then other countries fucked up
their own plans it was great it's a
great podcast you guys know me I don't
really remember things or places or
people or numbers so just be happy I get
to remember as much as I do that's what
I am I'm happy if I can remember
anything
so it's called the hardcore history
podcast but I assume the host isn't like
extreme and then France was gonna kick
everyone's ass like it's normal
no and by the way he has a great
speaking voice okay his his cadence and
he has this like this like small rasp to
his voice so he it's almost like it's an
NPR podcast it's gorgeous
that name I expect somebody saying that
England was totally set to kick
Germany's ass and then England said were
there Germany France there are Bros
you're not gonna go up on our brows then
Stalin said fuck that noise I'm gonna
wreck Hitler shit and everyone's like
Russia's not gonna get to the front we
got time to take out France first but
you know what Russia was early that day
burn our own cities with us fucking
German starved to death and Stalin said
cuz Germans couldn't handle the badass
no no it's I think it's called just
hardcore but he spends a lot of time
because of the time he spends on
personal stories and the buildup you
know it's it's not just giving the the
names and the dates he kind of he goes
very in-depth with the the build-up and
so I think that's why it's called hard
also it's just a good name hardcore
history it's a good name it's an office
I have to get up to my room because I
need to take a pill and the bottle of
water is in my room don't pay any
attention to the fact that there's a
sink in the kitchen I can't use that so
there is a bottle of water in my room
but there's the ghost lady and she's
still there so there's that ghost lady
there right yeah house you're done nears
so then if I get too close to the ghost
lady we hear the awful man on the way
around or something or stop playing the
shitty game is the proper
we are playing this game until near is
done downloading like camera
oh yeah cameras that's right today's
hardcore histories about Audie Murphy
who's like the CrossFit of soldiers
what's he got on top of a burning tank
and mowed down like a hundred Germans
the CrossFit of soldiers right so that's
great
Audie Murphy what's the cross for the
soldiers that that thing of him jumping
out of burning tank and going down like
under Germans yeah that's actually a
true story
nice the tank was disabled but the gun
wasn't
use the iron fist jack fist that ghost
good um I I think the thing with iron
fist in me just to go back to iron fists
for a second is like it's very boring
it's in fact so boring I should be three
episodes in but I had to rewatch the
second episode because I'm watching it
with my wife and she fell asleep halfway
through that is no joke
literally fell asleep that's how boring
iron fist is why do I do this because
someone said go to the cameras and I
thought that was a good idea and so I'm
here at the cameras waiting for the
ghost to move so I can go but the ghost
isn't doing anything you sure that's the
only way through as far as I know yes
you have to close my door it's fine rich
it's fine I I didn't I didn't think that
it would take an hour and a half to
finish downloading go to the bedroom at
the bottom of the stairs and hide in the
closet that's what I'm supposed to do
that's that's what I'm supposed to do so
in any case iron fist it's very boring
but I think I'm inoculated against
boredom because of best of the worst
okay well we can't go in that closet
walk backwards so you don't actually see
her oh okay okay that's a fair idea I
like it
I'm sure that was the right closet I'm
looking I'm checking the other rooms
okay there's a bathroom all right well
let's try we're there we're gonna try
this hell walk backwards thing okay
everyone cover your ears just in case
well that didn't work
all right
here's a closet find phone call
ghostbusters
ooh but paying a tenant cent a minute
Anna
Santana scooter booty booty when
accepting food it's gonna burn a boo she
could have been a bow Scooby it's gonna
be too flat we dub Squad oops Squidoo
boop bop sweet we do puii doop OH
but hey you're right this room is open
now I often hid in the closet when we
played hide-and-seek with sister so this
room wasn't open before
Oh God
I can't open the closet door I can't
open the closet door I can't open the
closet door I can't open the closet door
I can't open the closet door do I have
to close this door - I can't I can't I
can't open the closet door door in front
of ya where I'm at the door in front of
stairs and now I can't open the fucking
closet door I did not bring my switch
because Sorry Sorry Sorry
we've already done two Zelda streams I
thought three would be overkill plant
was nearer but nears taking a lot longer
to download then yeah we used to
download games a lot quicker the games
are getting a lot bigger and I think
it's just to prevent piracy it's
probably it's probably like 40 gigs of
garbage data you think and like 15 of
real data no or deliberately uncompress
like video share somewhere in there that
would make more sense
Oh 40k video 10 minutes of 40k video or
an hour whatever closed the drawer down
downtown downtown
nope downtown downtown oh no I know I'm
just thinking maybe I could step on the
drawer and like hide in here or the
purses can you jump no how would that
prevent piracy when you're pirating that
that's simply that's typically slower
than steam where you're getting it
directly from a source when you're
pirating a torrent
freaking hundred gigabyte download might
take you days some people probably just
won't bother they would be
like fucking I'm gonna buy the game you
think I think that's the thinking it
wouldn't stop piracy but it would it
would it would make it a hassle
Hans Gophers alright so wrong well yeah
no I don't think that would stop anyone
I even think if it was slightly slower
wouldn't stop anyone okay
did I need to do that first the tart
probably would be more efficiently
compressed tarts especially the popular
ones are really fast this does you how
often I pirate okay good on you rich
good on you look my walking animations
broken I'm not pressing any buttons
maybe having trouble with the closet it
won't open up because you're in our
walking animation try reloading the game
Dianne's try that again my moonwalk
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo what
I got in somehow really I did I would
just by randomly clicking yeah that's
slowly not creepily
she was in the closet with me that's got
a neat read seriously what is the reason
behind not downloading ahead of time
because I spent hours this afternoon
working on some set things for future
projects of our LMS and I was too busy
to fuck around with downloading things
especially when our pretty pretty decent
internet here I I figured an action game
it's probably not gonna be huge
and we get downloaded quick we made it
jackets here at 5:30 we'll start
downloading now give it about an hour
probably about an hour yeah I'm sorry
MIT at 6:30 it didn't work out it took
it took you long it took longer than we
thought and I'm sorry I spent my
afternoon working to give you people
future free entertainment I'm not I'm
not look at this hey everyone look at
these poops
oh wait let's do 2,000 it's an amazing
story you need to experience here I know
what if I can't aim with a mouse I'm not
gonna wrestle with a controller I enjoy
everything else about that game but I'm
not I'm not hitting small fast-moving
targets with an arrow while using a
controller that's not gonna happen and
here's what I'd say I I did beat the
main story of Zelda but ah-ha
see see that I did Stevens finished
downloading you're on another hold on
let me grab my water real quick and then
now let me finish my horizon zero dawn
I just wanted to finish the get the
water quest hey quick game great Wow
so first thing we're gonna do here we're
gonna just gonna head over to the
library we're gonna go to evil and we're
gonna click that old uninstall button
there we go that's a great button rich
anything that's a great button I think
there's a great button please please
play nearer with a controller look if
there is a game where you're not doing a
lot of aiming I'm fine with the control
I don't hate controllers on principle
right I hate them for aiming at shit
right all right I'll play the Arkham
games of the controller I think it's
comfortable and fine I will not play
Doom with a controller
I avoid sure's where I need to use a
controller the only time it's ever been
fun like the one weird and major
exception to this yes vanquish and
you'll notice when I play that I abuse
the fuck out of the time slowdown
ability abuse the living fuck out of him
because I'm aiming with a controller
right and this is made by the same
people right yeah did I spell near right
we're gonna find out in a second okay
and ie R and ier I did great great bit a
bit a bit a bit a bit a bit a bit a bit
about it gave me one moment everybody
we're gonna just get everything
everything set up all nice and all nice
and nice over here it is 8:15 already we
played that game for way too long way
too long why didn't anyone say anything
you could have stopped us rich on Mass
Effect Andromeda don't hold your breath
beep-beep-beep-beep beep-beep-beep-beep
beep-beep-beep-beep bird okay great
update updated okay you know what here's
what we're gonna do rich we're gonna
take a little break I'm gonna get some
water
sure and we're gonna come back and we're
gonna play near automata sure great you
say break actually we're gonna run an ad
we're gonna take a break I'm gonna turn
the camera off I got to get something
started over here over there that you
guys can't see but don't worry it's
gonna be great bang off these three tips
first term plus you know sure let's take
care of the 30 tips I'm sad says is the
x-men universe the closest to a middle
ground between Marvel's bland sameness
and DC's overall shittiness Knox has
taken some narrative risks risks risks
with Logan and Deadpool those can't be
as the answer is no because those are
specific filmmakers making choices and
remember a Deadpool Fox didn't want to
make if you remember way back in the day
Fox was about to pull the plug on
Deadpool and then Ryan Reynolds leaked
that footage that got people excited
they're technically in the same universe
they don't really need to be right
that's the other thing the x-men movies
are not good there's there's maybe one
and a half good movies in there so no
all right Lucas says near more like far
away yep yep thanks for streaming this
schlock but please stop yeah we're done
sorry also are you glad that on dromeda
is becoming a joke it's fun to watch the
shit show beats playing it so much
schadenfreude out so much shiny Friday
the answer is yes tomato Ned says which
movie is best of the worse Star Wars
Episode one two or three you have to
choose one that's the best of the worst
yeah
like like if so if we were well if we
were watching them on best of the worst
it's you like for me I always choose
which is most entertaining no matter
what even if we're making fun of it the
whole time which can you make fun of the
most the problem is they're not
entertaining bad they're boring bad
episode two I swear to God the only
reason the one and only reason I did not
get up and walk out of the theater
mm-hmm was that a friend had gotten me
in to see it for free and it would have
been extremely rude but I so badly
wanted to get up and leave and see if if
I were going to choose one to make fun
of the most it would be to to is a
cluster it's a cluster clusterfuck of
boring it's a lot of boring but I feel
like that's the one that we could get
the most jokes out never never before
has a movie with so much visual noise
been so dull to watch it's an
achievement like you might to work yeah
to make a movie that is that much just
visual shit going on doll mm-hmm I agree
with you but I'm saying out of the three
I feel Hayden Christian alone his
performance we could have gotten mileage
out of that weird love situation there
that's so that's what I would choose for
best of the worst hmm maybe Episode one
with bad kid acting but it's hard
alright we're gonna be back yeah taking
a little break here that area and mute

[Part II]
and and here we go okay so near near up
China ma this game getting decent
reviews how much I have no idea I have
no idea either well here's here's what I
know about this game I was a little bit
worried about this game okay you go on
gone I don't wanna step over my head
that was about to go into something and
you start button money you started
talking before I did but I was like
before you would started talking I was
planning to say something I'm getting
ready to come out of my mouth and you
started saying and sure then I started
seconds like wait a minute jacket
started saying something I should shut
up here's exactly what I know about this
this game is it was made by the same
people who made vanquish yeah and so
people started telling me about it
to tell you about Platinum Games
there's no Platinum's last two have been
horrible shitty cash Gramps with
licensed properties yeah oh that
transformers game yeah Kenneth oh well
you know that's what they did for the
paycheck now this is there this is their
own property right the near
Bing booked a bunk sorry about the break
had to do a little a little a little
work something nope alright so let's get
into the game here rich alright
can you please finish your horizon
thoughts oh you know uh here's all I was
going to say is I finished the main game
of Zelda and I don't and I got a ton of
hours into Zelda yeah fuckin son of a
whore isn't a Zelda and I really like
Zelda breath of the wild but now that
I'm kind of done with the main quest I
don't feel the need to go back and
finish the side quests so does good very
good I'm yeah I don't think it's gonna
be very replayable especially cuz well
I'm getting out of it as the exploration
I should don't you've seen everything
you can't rediscover it right well and
even going back to even going back to
like Olie there's that one area with
this secret thing and if I do this one
thing in the secret thing something will
happen just going back to that area
isn't that special yep but horizon is
the game that I'm really looking forward
to once I'm done editing the Zelda
episode I'm looking forward to playing
horizon to see what happens with the
story yeah I got very far in the story
and I got a ton of sidequest on the
entire map is is open for me in horizon
but I didn't finish the main story so
I'm more excited to play horizon than I
am more Zelda so I just read and spoiled
it for myself because I know I'm not
gonna finish horizon oh okay
did they essentially rip off your hunter
from the future
um I don't know maybe maybe if if future
things are still around if a future
civilization is still around then yes
because that was yours thing right is
there were still future people around
I don't believe well okay we're gonna
just gonna hit we're gonna we're just
gonna hit new game here oh and get that
mouse out of here thank you
this game does not support autosave play
the game to find out how to save thanks
near alright I'm surprised with how much
bullshit there is in the story for
Horizon that I put up with because the
gameplay because I like the game place
online
what is the bullshit in the story oh you
know there's just a lot of it you know
like the person in the chapter those
things putting up a bullshit in the
story it I'm curious what the bullshit
they're dealing here is oh wait this is
great the screen lock - oh I see that
hold on my username I'm gonna put in my
name cuz that's an awesome hold on
alright I see that I see I see that the
screen locks up thank you everyone for
spamming that at me or else we might not
have seen it
alright hold on hold on Game Capture
properties for fiction the screen fixing
the screen all about the stream bye
thank you screen thank you for letting
us know and is that no turn it off turn
it back on turn it off turn it back on
again you'd be surprised how often that
works
they're a like a refresh
huh well that's fun I mean I I read
spoilers for horizon but yeah it wasn't
especially surprised oh you know like I
know enough at this point where I can
kind of figure it out I still don't want
any spoilers everyone but I'm still I'm
just excited to play that game to the
end you know and comments yeah people in
the shed you know you know we said it
was a stupid name horizon zero dawn but
right if they played the game they'd
know it zero dot is and it would make
sense before you buy the game you
haven't played the game and that makes
it a stupid name I don't care if it
makes sense after you've played the game
for ten hours what it's on the shelf and
it's an unknown property horizon zero
dawn was a generic stupid name I don't
care if you eventually figure out what
it means every 10 hours gonna make sense
then sure point I also think that Nier
automata is a stupid name you know why
it's hard to remember hard to say and
hard to remember putting that out there
putting that out there I also think this
is a stupid name but you can just say
the new the new game by the people who
made vanquish okay we are we are having
some serious issues here everybody I
need to let you know that we are having
serious serious issues which needs to
revive a sense of childlike wonder
didn't I just go on about how much I
loved exploring and the new Zelda game
you did you did I can't win Jack you
know you can't win I can't win you
especially can't win I don't have a
sense of wonder about the right things
Jack did you know that
I only have a sensor under about the
wrong thing that's true it's like the
monitor maybe that person is being
sarcastic rich possibly but you you know
that's hard to get across in text if we
had that conversation with you guys
before we have yes yes we have wait do I
want vsync on or off how does that work
I'm trying to I'm trying to mess with
the screen settings to get it to show up
in OBS and for some reason near Donna
mamama does not necessarily want to show
up in Game Capture rich do you ever want
to punch your fence
in a general sense no in some specific
cases fuck yes here we go here we go
rich now I must have a punch in the face
and more of a like kick to the gut kind
of guy oh yeah
as fair as weird though you know it's
just a kick to the gut seems it seems
almost unsportsmanlike here we go here
we go we're getting there everybody get
in there
and okay we're just gonna do a monitor
capture just gonna do a monitor capture
about now how about look at this shit
what's going on why should I just do a
monitor capture and that's what happens
look at that that's weird right can you
get you guys can see the mouse look at
how weird that is what's the native
resolution on the monitor uh-huh did do
today to 1080
yeah
and okay this doesn't work okay turn off
fullscreen turn off a full screen off
full screen there we go yeah but now I
got the window well yeah but we're
visible uh Touche rich to che six one
half dozen of the other check take your
poison
I'm just gonna try to get this as
centered as I can here all right well
the great you know that'll have to be
fine
no no if a window capture will work but
that's a lot of fucking around for
something we know is there hey yeah
can we get that to go away I'd love it
if this went away can you force
borderless window with the borderless
window with borderless gaming program oh
you want it you really wants to fuck
around with looking for the specific
borderless window program for an hour
yeah the answer's no the answer's no you
don't want us to do that no you go away
isn't this supposed to slide back down
how do I get this to slide back down I
usually leave it up so it's probably a
right-click another feature you can
change sure hold on hold on many horses
to be held just in case I click a
setting that is sensitive that a
sensitive material turn all the
automatically hide buttons on Oh
automatically hide the taskbar in this
fine there we go okay great thank you
that's all we needed all right
and back on and here's the game and here
we go
great nope be is the back button you
know the Nintendo controller has a and B
in the other I know it's really earth
oh that's the thing I thought of after
the fact I wish we talked about the
review that was one of them that's just
for a switch in general though that's
not necessary
fucks with you while you're playing the
game it does fuck with you why I'm
playing the game I agree I'm just saying
that's a switch in general new game it's
it's big enough I almost want to go and
add that in it's a it's I love the game
in Zelda I'm talking about Zelda but
that that's a constant irritation sure
start with Harlech yes normal yeah like
I'm agreeing with you that it's a
constant irritation but I don't think
that's it that's inherently a Zelda
problem you know that's something that I
would probably kill yourself at the
beginning you might enjoy it what people
say that kill it kill yourself at the
beginning yourself at the beginning
alright well so I'll see what I can do
here we go we're playing now
octo Rex okay we're gonna really looks
like I'm flying flying some sir oh shit
oh well all right so get dead jump into
the beam jump into the beam but oh is
that the only beam he fucked up jack I
thought there would be more than one
beam I thought there'd be more than one
beam can I can I kill myself now I don't
know try it and see what happens jack
there we go
and one saying no sound we can fix that
real easy the euro force was annihilated
and earth went on to become a paradise
for the machines oh great
it goes through the credits that's great
that's great
you fucked up at fucking up yeah oh the
whole game starts over oh man yeah the
whole game starts over that's funny
you got an ending it's a great a
speedrunning game of all time
okay oh I won great skip that skip that
skip that audio very low audio low audio
low I turned it up wait
well there's the way so it might be okay
now is it still low I often think about
the God who blessed us with this cryptic
puzzle and wonder if we'll ever have the
chance to kill him I'm gonna assume it's
still low this thing wait adios fine out
here's better now it is good now audio
safe it should be actually it's probably
people are gonna start saying it's a
little too loud now okay yes can we just
get through this if I would have known I
would have had to sit through this again
I would not have done what to loud so
loud Jack pay attention argh my ears see
this what I'm talking about right is it
Technicolor shoes Assam design always
impressed me more than the effects in
the Star Wars prequels yes they are the
service of nothing but ben burtt is a
creative genius when it comes to sound
yes sure sure we'll give you that large
part of the reason the original movies
are so good
oh yeah seriously lol how was as well
okay I think exclamation point fine
C mods we need to only listen to mods at
this point because y'all y'all are being
crazy my rom says rich well you ever
give Witcher 3 a try that might rekindle
your love for Triple A RPGs I'd want to
play to them in order and I can't stand
the first one and the gameplay in the
first one I have is that we're never
hating the combat
they attack and it's a kind of anal
thing with me where I would want to play
them in order
also remember that though remember the
last couple of games that we have played
open-world RPG ish adventure games
action-adventure games
yeah like Witcher 3 right now would be
lost in a in a sea of horizon and oh
shit I'm a mech sword
shit yeah get out of my town get right
out of my town you turned into a robot
now oh yeah fuck you did you even try it
nope she didn't even try she didn't even
move yes I know this is not an
open-world game witcher 3 i believe is
an open-world game yes Richard witcher
witcher 3 has some similarities to
horizon zero dawn and zelda breadth of
the wild and so I think if rich played
that right after those two there would
be a little open world action-adventure
fatigue I'm not saying they're the same
game I said they have some similarities
they have some similarities that's very
different than oh shit I'm playing i
while I was busy
I was busy scolding or chat oh yeah
fucking r-type up in here yeah some of
them I can shoot like those glowy ones I
can shoot but the straight-up red one
like these I can chew
well get out of my space
ah yeah this is a game I can handle I
know this is not what the whole game is
but I can handle this down oh shit
someone at platinum likes to dose the
end credits for vanquish yeah being
tired end credits you're shooting at
asteroids with the faces of the devs oh
yeah oh yeah I love that she was
piloting the mech in that outfit right
look at that
bring that outfit that's brilliant
I'm wearing my Sunday best motherfucker
little friend look at my little friend
what
okay
whoa my camera needs to be inverted oh
wait
my camera needs to be inverted I mean
here is it's gonna be in settings 20,000
cents the director of this game designed
the character like this for the simple
reason of I like girls yeah that's a yes
let's move this fair that's fair by me
rich these frames are dropping like
people out of a World Trade Center well
there's very little I can do about that
that is that is OBS yeah not not the
game the game is running fairly smooth
very smooth yeah so that is on our end
this looks like bird yep that is pure
OBS and that's probably oh my god yeah I
can see that actually you know what that
is that's because it's capturing like
the windowed I can I can see it actually
in OBS it's capturing the monitor but
remember we had to if we had to dink
with him
so everyone everyone I'm sorry if you
guys if this looks like balls to you but
this is running smooth for us except for
the fact that it's in a window
frantic girls watch rogue one the CGI
golem Tarkin was bad enough but when
they ended the debacle with a close up
of plastic horror show Carrie Fisher
any thoughts why no one making the movie
said no to this no idea no idea the one
you don't really need Tarkin yeah or you
know what you know what's at least a way
you could potentially fix Tarkin he
talks via one of those shitty Star Wars
style Holograms and you can cover up a
lot of it that way it's still gonna be
bad and Carrie Fisher you don't need to
see her face
you see Princess Leia from behind yep
boom boom you you get audio old audio of
her saying hope but you see her from
behind no it's your face yeah you just
see you see the buns you see the robe
boom you know it is the easy classy way
to do that absolutely
as far as why no one said no I have I
have no fucking clue it's kind of it's
gotta go right into style was it needs
to go right into the original movie I
don't know I don't fucking know you know
I think you know remember that a lot of
these people working here are also kind
of tech heads right Wow
you know they're they're tech geeks and
so I think a lot of the whole Tarkin
Carrie Fisher thing just cuz we can use
pod program what does that mean is that
- oh okay that's kind of like charge up
check the Tarkan's stand and unset look
great - yeah ya know what you need to do
is you just get a different actor to
play the part and we all know that you
know the actor we all know he's dead yes
and we'll get it when somebody else is
playing the part will understand yeah
just just get someone who looks like no
and like you said the the blue the blue
thingy the blue the the in Canon Star
Wars communication device well the
different actor sure he's actually dead
next time that was dangerous man there's
everyone blind for some reason maybe to
be right
my name's 9s I'm here to provide support
copy that so buzzsaw the Goliath you
came here to take out no I like that I
like the look of it yeah I guess we're
pushing target then huh Peter pushing it
take a look around the perimeter all
right I'll work my way inside from the
ground
also like ya to know Tarkin did not need
to be a big part of blind these are
androids don't question it is we're not
question like we just want to know
what's happening we just want to know
who we are and what we're doing that's
like general video game stuff who are we
what are we doing we is this where we
see butthole no no butthole Anonymous's
seriously rich why are you such an angry
guy unless you're not revealing
something horrible to us your life seems
to be amazing but you're always mean and
angry what the dealio I wouldn't say
you're mean I'm not me and I'm cynical
there's a big difference yeah there's a
big difference
Rich's sometimes mean and is some end
and sometimes your cynicism I think
comes across as me you know you know
what I don't do if I can help it what
step on ants I will go out of my way not
a step on a fucking ant you know what
I'm less concerned with how you treat
ants than how you treat people I mean
I'm not mean I'm not a mean person who
doesn't care about people's feelings
but I try to be bluntly honest and I
guess that can come across as being me
yeah I can but I'm from from my point of
view I'm just saying how I feel about
something right I wonder where I'm
supposed to go
all right I'm okay with this game
tell Jack rich tell jack to press and
hold of both triggers oh it's like a
Dodge move cool I want to get that oh
and apparently if I press both bumpers
he does that so pressing and holding
both trip oh oh you could fire us both
triggers one triggered oh wait maybe
just the right trigger actually try just
right yeah that's okay that's just the
right trick where's both do
well it's press and hold l3 and our
three not triggers you can't do it just
yet
okay get it together guys but you know
what I really was wondering where that
dodge was I needed a Dodge so now I know
where the Dodge is
did you see that they could the bullets
curved around watch this everybody
see the votes are curving around okay
yeah to D so you can still shoot all of
those things yes
you can shoot and hit him with your
sword at the same time hey this is fun
I'm down William your monk wait don't
jump nope
any plans for another nerd crew I can't
say it won't happen but last wouldn't be
hard to top man I said that about I said
the same thing about the first one so
you never know them at some point
there's gonna be diminishing returns
right
sure
who go
chances of a formed near review video I
am nearby I am I think we've had a
couple we've had a lot in a short short
timeframe neo into horizon and to Zelda
that was a lot that's a part of the
reason why we wanted to stream this
today was to just kind of give an early
idea if we wanted to do something like
near but we'll see I mean just just me
me and I'm on my own I want to play more
zone right just too much shit coming out
that is true lot of shit shit that isn't
shit right you guys couldn't space these
out a little bit
every once in a while one of them says B
and I want to figure out what that's all
about
and he said B I haven't been able to
press B yet
Oh see you look I get I get too close I
keep viewing here
Mass Effect Andromeda review not in a
thousand years send us a copy don't give
that money to charity I'll just shove
the tape in a woodchipper CD or whatever
the fuck it is in the box - definitely
not a fucking digital copy this is not
shit I can deal with that oh yeah we
can't we can't destroy a digital copy
that won't do us any good that one to us
or you anything
to be hard-nosed to buy the book yep
emotions are prohibited I can tell like
I'm supposed to go down this bridge
maybe I'm not supposed to go down yet
you know right you're gonna do something
first probably have to do something not
their children right Jeff move you can
use rope you can cut I don't see any of
your open schribman ramming it I've
tried I've tried shooting at it and
hitting it yes
just shoot higher can you a mob can you
climb it can you can you charge up a
shot Alice maybe you open it from the
other side okay so it's a chicken thing
we have to cross the road
it's a reference to an old generic joke
that was never funny well somehow was
the generic example of joke it's a fine
example of a joke it's it's unexpected
it's actually a fine example of kind of
like an anti joke why did the chicken
cross the road
oh I'm expecting some sort of big
elaborate it was like I was invisible
all right here
I can't go down there yes fine keep a
foot offense they're just too used to
Zelda I am this is just a flat-out
action game and that's fine
do you think aliens will like us well
that entirely depends upon the alien
they may view us as a stupid
unintelligent life-form
they may think we're horrible war
mongers they may see us as something to
eat they might be they might be
completely a different because the way
their brain works they don't care if
they meet alien life we're talking about
something that an intelligent that
develops on an alien planet without the
course of evolution as we understand it
they might not think in any way like us
they may see this is big just too
violent to hang out with and I wouldn't
blame them
that's a big possibility yeah you have
to remember like our human emotions the
Lightspeed barrier it might never be an
issue which if you were chosen to be our
ambassador for first contact when you
accept fuck no that's too much
responsibility yes just too much
responsibility oh shit that means Trump
gets to do it ah fuck fuck okay yeah
rich you'll take it rich we'll take the
job rich you're gonna take the job you
hear Trump refuses to shake ambassador
Gork downs hand I mean he could be a
chick I don't know I don't want to
challenge or ambassador Kirk now I don't
want to take it shake no chicks in
this place sure is big I guess humans
used to use it as a weapons Factory but
now it's just crawling with machines the
enemy seems to have repurposed the
facility to increase their overall
machine production so if we don't
destroy it they'll just keep coming
robbing aliens by the pussy we don't
know their physiology that you know you
try to shake their hands and
accidentally you know grab them by the
pussy for all we know oh and don't you
think that makes Trump even angrier I
need to grab him by something don't I
tell me where it is you tell me where
that is so I can grab it
aliens are gonna be the ones building
walls to keep us out
they didn't build that Dyson Sphere to
collect solar energy after all trying to
keep us out you get better at dodging
do you send for first contact with the
aliens who is it um well first contact
you know like are we assuming we can
talk to them we don't different language
alien completely alien yeah well then
you need to talk to a linguist or a
mathematician or you know you got to do
one of those things right language in
any way shape or form that we would
understand yeah then that's well that's
when you need like a mathematician or
something you know like you need some
you need some way to to communicate with
them right I can't access this right now
also they need to be expendable because
you don't know how this is gonna go it's
so true so true they could think we're
sending them a snack well Johnson was a
fine mathematician but you know that's
what he signed up for they seemed to be
pleased with our snack offering though
so Johnson was tasty called his sister
mathematician yeah
because we in a language like their
brains work differently right that
linguist isn't gonna do jack shit right
mathematician though math is fairly
universal that's high yeah that's what I
say math that's efficient I'm agreeing
with you I'm saying that cuz I'm
agreeing with you I'm thinking about it
thinking yeah that's not a bad choice
yeah I know you would what you would
probably have to do is send both oh sure
you'd have a team but I mean if you
could only send one for whatever stupid
sure sure well you know like the idea is
you would have to send both so the
mathematician can lay down a base and
then the linguist could take that base
and and for you know your linguist is
gonna spend years trying to figure this
out you're gonna need a fucking team Oh
which one's your rifle dammit I know I
know he needs to watch a rival he knows
it too
I thought I got something in that last
room I'm Farrah Adam
sorry just running in circles now now
and if people would be willing to chance
death to be the first cut to be the
first contact for that and read live
look I'm real glad leery about first
contact with vapors next morning oh and
by the way by the way the person who is
totally ok chanting death like just to
be first contact that's not the person
you want to send they might be an
asshole I don't want to trip and smash
advil workman's goodwill gift and start
an intergalactic war that's what would
happen if you send me Oh Admiral Admiral
Gork nan is pissed by the way I'd
accidentally Stefan like one of his
daughters because I mean always the kids
are really small and scrape it off my
shoe not knowing any better
yes respectful next thing I know the
earth is being vaporized
maybe maybe you send like the walk the
rock so they think we're all just
horrible tough guys they're not gonna
mess with them you see that guy that was
here ambassador like he's the politician
oh god what are the wrestlers like sure
all right I'm with you I'm with you I
like your thinking rich the only problem
is if they have no concept of like
muscles you know like what if they're
like a gelatinous being right and they
just think we're like what it's with
these weird lumpy creatures
but I like that idea
you know show them movies and be like
these are documentaries these are real
things that happened this is what all of
us humans are capable of shouldn't like
Harry Potter or some shit like that like
yeah we all know magic so don't f with
us nope here we go
the more to that list the aliens the
more rich with a perfect ambassador but
don't quite get it
you know is that a compliment
show them all the alien invasion movies
they know what happens with us right you
know what
actual real-life first contact yeah what
ruins Star Trek oh sure it ruins Star
Trek is now Star Trek is completely
inaccurate well and you know you know
what the local galactic politics are
really like that the aliens are and what
the technology is and you know what
we've we've just lost so many of our
beloved science-fiction franchises
they're all dead they're all dead
no we can't we can't look up and dream
any more than you know and then suddenly
aliens is just stupid fiction stupid
made-up garbage I'm trying to think of a
science fiction franchise because there
might be aliens there certainly won't be
Vulcans and Klingons now you can still
get some fun out of that
like in a future where you have
technology like Star Trek's yeah what is
their science fiction level well that's
the fun part of science fiction a
fiction that exists of course it does
and it's the next thing what is the next
thing
transporters in food replicators what's
next that's not you're worried about if
people will we'll think of new shit I'm
curious what the future of science
fiction is in a future when the future
is the future whoa whoa no manual that
you net you'll never run out of shit you
never run out of shit there's always
there's always the next big thing
people used to dream of airplanes right
like oh could you imagine flying like a
bird now we can do that so now they're
like I are going through space and now
they're like we have what cars are
driving and then though the automatic
cars and transporters and oh there's
always a next level man always which
gave me a sense of wonder and then took
it away I'm sorry about that
rich rich even understands that even
even fantasy there's even death in
fantasy you eventually there'll be no
more fantasy left so that'll die too I
guess
I guess even even wondering about the
future yeah rich goes I'm not a negative
person that's I think that things
started this dream right even your
imagination can be killed kids once you
answer to all the questions you can't
ask them anymore no then you find the
new questions once you've answered all
the questions you have then you start
looking for new questions if it was we
don't have to worry about those yeah
we're still
answering the questions we have but it's
time you reach star trek you can do just
about whatever the fuck you want as far
as you're concerned not as far as Star
Trek is concerned okay remember the
difference between a two-dimensional
being in a three-dimensional being you
have no concept of what's bit what's
next
thanks jack I thought rich was the
depressing one do you remember do you
remember his rant about the little girl
in the skateboard kid - that got a
little too real
that got a little too real for a lot of
people Josh was desperately trying you
can hear listen to my rant and that you
can hear Josh quietly in the background
trying to pull me back from my humorous
rant I can I can be real and depressing
I just choose to be positive most of the
time that's where the joke was but you
know yeah sorts of trinkets I feel like
so far in this game as far as like
difficulty is concerned I feel like I'm
I'm button mashing my way through it I
don't feel graceful yet people are upset
at your lack of dodging yeah that's what
I'm saying I but I mean I'm making it
through but I'm not feeling very
graceful you know and you know why the
shoot button is the bumper and the dodge
button is the trigger and it's hard to
hit them both at the same time
you're supposed to use two fingers I
hate that's so dumb I know I know I so
don't I know who does that enough people
that they design controls that way
sometimes
it's crazy you can rebind any action in
this game yeah I might need to do that
renegade curious
can you guys separate the thoughts /
ideal / political views of an artist or
creator from the work that they produce
for example I really enjoyed Ender's
Game knowing full well the author is a
prick
it depends on how much of a prick right
yeah yeah for the most part yes for the
most part my friends have different
political ideas you if you're not a
fanatical ideologue I don't want I'm not
sure what you're going for here you can
even get along with anybody respect if
they have different opinions than oh
yeah sure that's okay sure but like I
know for example like you have an issue
with Tom Cruise creepy right right and
so I think that's that's what they're
going for here is like yeah for the most
part nope right I can I can deal with
that
I can I can separate these things but
but sometimes
that's now did I do it no I didn't do it
Terry Bollea might be an asshole but
Hulk Hogan was a fun character I said
it's real ma'am
I might be mangling this last name but
it's Terry something sure sure like it
you know after after his uh after his
super racist phone call Audio it's it's
hard to like it's hard to enjoy the the
simplicity of Hulk Hogan right like it's
hard to go back and watch watch in the
sense that I don't watch it you hate him
as a wrestler
I appreciate the villains much more
adult but I can watch like an old Hulk
Hogan match them like he's Rick he said
this or that bad I can I can recognise
Hulk Hogan as a character who is the
vitamins yeah you know like I'm not
saying I can't I'm just saying it's
difficult it's hard to watch
Lethal Weapon shit I suck at dodging is
there a timed thing here too
this is doing no damage
you're gonna hit him in the face
Hogan the character right was not racist
oh sure sure sure but I'm saying I'm
saying like it's the same for like
lethal weapon and and Mel Gibson stuff
where it's like it's it's hard to even
enjoy their work when they do shit like
that
I'm not saying impossible it depends
upon what they did like yeah man just
because just because I was talking about
wrestlers sure Jimmy Jimmy Superfly
Snuka okay I can't stand looking at him
after I know what he did but what he did
was so horrible okay he he literally
beat his mistress's brains in oh right
right you don't know nothing
like literally I believe her head was
concave yeah that I can't watch him at
all right
I can
oh I did it I think it nope no I didn't
oh god I suck
wait who Jimmy Jimmy Superfly Snuka it
hasn't been around since the 80s they've
been around but you never saw him
anywhere afternoon he's really big in
the early 80s my fetus girl and spend
concave the beginning of the end
feel like I'm not understanding the
dodging thing I'll be honest with you
subject to regular dodge with art to
which you can time with the text yeah I
thought I was doing that
yeah so I'm gonna say it depends upon
what they did
Oh agreed but I I think like no matter
what I'm gonna say that often times like
if you find out something like that it
can affect how you view their
performance when I kind of struggled a
little bit yeah
Star Trek promotional picture Star Trek
the motion picture decker the guy from
what was the show he's a preacher
raising a family Little House on the
Prairie no no no is on the CW Oh seventh
heaven yeah using my child porn or
something oh I think you know yeah I
haven't fully watched Star Trek the
motion picture after that yeah I saw
Clips like the ending of that movie it
was like yeah just to see him you guys
want to like this yeah yeah
oh it wasn't porn he admitted to
multiple molestations Oh worse worse
even worse oh Jesus
yeah yeah and that's part of it you know
the the outside the story behind the
scenes can affect your appreciation of
the scenes that's just part of it yes
this is this is PC and if you're seeing
frames drop it's not because we're
getting a bad framerate it's because OBS
is doing a bad job of displaying to you
the game sure we've had we had some
issues getting the game to or getting
OBS to show you the game like we're not
usually OBS can do it a direct Game
Capture yep but we're actually doing a
capture of the a capture of the monitor
and you can actually see the the top of
we're playing in windowed mode so you
can actually see the top of the window
of this and that's where you're seeing
any dropped frames and sorry if that
makes it for an unpleasant viewing
experience for anyone but that is the
only way that we can stream this game as
of right now this happens sometimes with
games by the way thanks for ruining Star
Trek the motion picture for me now hey
hey blame Dekker not me yeah yeah rich
didn't do anything
Twilight Zone movie head people die
making up and you know what you have a
weak stomach I suggest you don't look
any further into that statement yeah
yeah oh and you know like that doesn't
bother me as much
you know like Brandon Lee dying on the
set of The Crow yeah stuff like that
works like a you know what that's that's
just depressing it's depressing but like
to me that's part of moviemaking
you know I he was in a dangerous
situation that that means less to me
than an actor being a super creepy a
dangerous situation it can be
irresponsibility on filmmakers it could
be right when safety is their
responsibility right especially in the
case of The Twilight Zone I don't know
much about that we all get into it we
won't get into
what's going on our friend who is
helping us is dying oh so we get to use
this robot boy that robot gets destroyed
then we get to jump out of the robot
again that's fine I'm down with that
well I think she's having an emotional
moment where she wants to save him or
save his information but she's not she's
all business jack well she had a little
emotional moment I was paying attention
to the cutscene
I am probably after this fight I'm
trying to look into alternate
alternate lady college control schemes
which is such an ass what did you know
haha
great question rich great questions what
don't you do think about that I demand
to know you know what I think I think
I'm owed an explanation here what did i
do right now that makes me such an ass
I'm just gonna sit here wait until your
an answer I'll so Jack you need to get
good I'm not being bad I mean I haven't
died I was inconsiderate during that
emotional moment okay during the
cutscene you were in considered our
let's see okay I'm talking talking to
you guys I'm not totally into the
cutscene yeah they're very happy that
you touched I'm trying to dodge I am
trying to dodge I'm not doing a great
job of dancing but I'm old buttons you
have a supervening am I gonna beat him
with his own severed arm
wait how do I do this
this might be the robot version of
beating him with his own severed arm I'm
really excited about that if it's true
press light attack you stupid bastard oh
thank you listen I was in the robot I
was in the road the airplane robot I
didn't know but hey I just beat that
robot with his own severed arm so that
was great yeah that was a great farce
awakens
yeah that's pretty happier then okay yes
I was fighting an oil platform
Jack Lamont's is Jack table Jack Nash
that attack button like rich doesn't
Pokemon sure it's a great game no it
doesn't look like that's going to be
necessary
crowd ohh clone so I've been watching
your streams on YouTube for weeks and
thanks to you I'm now using twitch chat
for the very first time
hey welcome your bristling red-faced but
torts are entirely proportionally thank
you thank you very much it's great
imagine this is going
this is important right
I wonder what that black box is it opens
the Gateway to help ya do it possibly go
to
I don't go to go to heaven hell Christy
destruction of enemy hostiles black box
reaction
it was I I think they look really cool
with their blindfolds it's also just a
really great way to not have to worry
about eye animations do you think that's
what it is yes yeah 100%
you think that couldn't handle eye
animations I'm saying is is perhaps they
had several concept designs for the
character and they saw one with the
blindfold and I said hey you know what
that would save us a ton of time and
animation and it looked really cool I'm
gonna give them the benefit of the doubt
yeah and say they just thought that
looked me benefit of the doubt yeah
I know this plot is like watching to
seven-year-olds on the playground making
up a movie yeah that's fine as long as
it's fun
yep jack is thinking like rich yeah yeah
that was thinking like rich the
blindfold to save on my animation yeah
completely I just don't know that I
animation is that harness point they
line up i animation is not how good i
animation is hard okay
eyebrow and emotions and brows all right
you know all right
that's that's where the uncanny valley
starts down there you know I probably
only had enough time to back up your
memories
mine are only intact up to the point
just before we rendezvous
I see glory to mankind look glory to
mankind
oh she's upset he this game uses online
functionality for its message sharing
features connect to the network no I
hate that I hate that shit
save your current progress yes what's
the craziest thing you believed when you
were younger that God existed
technically that's true but I don't
think I ever had an especially strong
belief I'm saying I was I was brought to
church when I was younger I never got
anything positive out of it I was but
yeah I guess a God exists everyone says
they did he does hurt I don't know how
much that counts all right I'll think of
something else the craziest thing I
believe when I was younger do you have
to bring religion into this we were
asked what's the craziest thing we
believed was that was the question when
you're an atheist that there is an
invisible man in the sky who created
everybody knows what's gonna happen and
caused us to do sin because he made us
that way and then punished us for it and
the only way we're gonna be forgiven is
if he rapes a virgin to create a son
dying across rather than just forgiving
us it's kind of crazy okay I have an
actual I have a non-religious answer hmm
which is I actually believe and by the
way this is gonna be a big step down
from the whole god thing yes I just want
to prepare everyone for this gear shift
I really thought that swallowing gum
would hurt you
yeah like that's what I was told you
swallow gum it stays in your guts for
seven years or whatever that is I
swallowed a stick of gum when I was
younger
it freaked me out like I tried to barf
it up I tried to get it away we had the
rise rise according to the chat there
were eyes there were eyes oh man hey
he's gone dumb yeah I really thought
that that was gonna hurt my insides from
swallowing gum so um like really young
yeah I didn't think you had to die I
thought you were just getting like
really old you would be really ancient
we didn't realize that dying
specifically of old age was an
inevitability really I was super young
also when I was four or five my
grandfather died okay and a funeral
house I remember everyone was sad he was
like was he gonna come back and my
grandmother said yes and I believe that
what yeah your grandma said yes yes
that's so crazy
that's so crazy
did she not what was she thinking there
was that back yet I know I wasn't so sad
at the funeral goddamn temporary that's
a temporary solution rich oh that's
terrible
was it your grandma from early rlm
videos yes I'm never talking about my
grandmother unless I say otherwise
that was her cuz I barely ever met in
her era interacted with my grandmother
on my father's side
go ahead and adjust your settings so you
can hear me alright alright are we good
now oh look we have we have a separate
option yes no I'm fine - there's
something calming about your voice yeah
I'm not gonna go that far we're supposed
to be upset because 9s is the one that's
sacrificed
yeah himself and after after the big
explosion what we found out was that he
did not have time to recover both of our
memories so he just recovered mine and
he only remembers up until we met yeah
so he doesn't he wasn't there for the
sacrifice part he doesn't no longer
remembers the sacrifice okay so I think
that we're supposed to have feelings we
need to restore those what I could set
it for you but you should probably do it
yourself regulations and all you know
huh wait no you need to leave that
turned on yeah you can't really do that
it needs to be turned on except in very
specific cases I'm afraid I can't leave
this as is ma'am please give your
permission hey come on now I'm just
trying to follow regulation you trying
to u-turn I'm I'm trying to keep it off
my self destructs okay and I'm just
seeing how far I can take this okay now
we've hit the loop we're just gonna
taste it one more time hey come on okay
I've hit the loop so I was just seeing
if maybe I said it enough you'd let it
go okay good you may have to sacrifice
yourself in order to finish it but in
coming but in coming
Oh eyes yep I hear ya
I don't see a button the commander's put
me in charge of your maintenance ma'am
that means I'll be performing regular
checks on you from now on yeah I'll be
checking you out oh don't worry we 9s
models are the best around you now
though I suppose we're not exactly known
for a modesty okay what is it ma'am stop
calling me ma'am huh the skating
all right just walk it forward so the
end hero says I almost forgot the
commander was calling for you see what's
up man earth to be yes your honor
the end heroes's I animation isn't hard
but it can be time-consuming mm-hmm
I am a medical animator who focuses on
AI animation what first of all a medical
animator what that's a thing I don't
know what to make out of that this is
either an amazing coincidence or or a
horrible joke Jack any as possible
anything's possible
what you can you can spend thing you can
spend money on stuff like find fishing
spots
it's UD control its you're d fishing
spots sounds great auto evade what this
chief can only be equipped on easy mode
great oh that's funny let's play the
players HP yeah I'm very interesting
Otto evades interesting
that's easy mode I know I know that's
it's interesting that that's a thing
that exists now they were thinking I all
right this way
here follow me I've got mail you know
the one means you haven't already near
an access point to save your day you
have some of these already by the ones
you have zero F be sure to save often
by the ones you fuckin a B button I'm
very sorry
fuckin a B button this no just do it
normally and you just used to sell them
I'm used to Zelda yeah well but also
like its you have to press B to interact
with the thing but then you have to
press a to confirm inside the menu so
it's it's a little weird but you okay so
like I don't have fishing spot but I do
have regular hog control okay we
probably wants this melee attack up
right and you you do you Jack W do using
seconds those big black boxes are the
excesses he just told you about the what
the big black boxes I said it I said the
thing those right there do you think's
fucking typos I thought you're just
being cute told you like like you know
you're being slangy about it or
something like oh in box like I done
told you not to do that like a parents
gone like a kid might come out that way
I thought that's what you were doing I
thought that was deliberate you're just
taking credit I saw I saw that my attack
ups were temporary so it's like it's
probably like a thing I need to press oh
you know what I want to check you know
not a check so you enjoying this so far
oh yeah same same saying I did I just
quicksaves yeah I just quick so it saved
okay so what do I want
let's see what type B is fire evade fade
maybe
so I'm seriously considering starting my
own film production company but don't
know where to start
scroll down so I can read the rest of it
where do I get financing and do I need
to write a business plan like Man Singh
it's you're asking Iran how do you how
do you start a film production company
oh god oh god this is from our
perspective this is something that has
evolved since we were teens it's really
hard to say what we did we just made
goofy videos and then we kept doing it
right so it's like you need to think you
need to figure out how you're going to
make money that's any business yeah so
if you're gonna be a film production
company like you know an easy in is
wedding videos yes that's that's a super
easy and everyone needs wedding videos
they're very easy to shoot and make
you've seen a wedding video you can do
it you just need you need a nice ish
camera funding fuck man I I don't know I
that's that's quite easy wedding videos
way to save up that money right you
can't you know start by renting cameras
or borrowing from friends then you save
up money to buy your own camera and
editing software then go from there
that's that's that's and if you have no
experience making films if you want to
make like actual movies yeah oh god
don't don't go all in on your first one
cuz you're gonna start off awful well I
guess and you know that's the real thing
if you want to start your own film
production company what sort of
experience do you have what sort of
cameras do you exactly what it's like
what are you are you saying you just
want to start making movies like if
you're completely inexperienced the
first 100 things you shoot are gonna be
terrible right so then you want to start
shooting on your iPhone and editing in a
free editing software and make some
mistakes first you don't see our high
school stuff for a reason reason you
don't see that
like gorillas interrupted as terrible as
that is we've been making shit years
before that Mike and I and Jay that wasn't
our first effort and it's awful
follows me around
ah to be maintenance that's right as we
did have the collection the DVD that
wasn't everything we've ever done though
the enemy and I don't think it was it
certainly wasn't an ileus stuff I'd have
to remember everything was on there
we've been doing this for a very long
time right and so it's like if you're
out like if you're talking about like
making a movie and getting it sold you
know like Len does talk to Len MA Len
would know way more about making and
selling a movie than we would he's on
Twitter talk to him on Twitter we get to
all the tips eventually I saw someone in
the JED tell me to self-destruct right
now by self-destructing at the bunker
the entire structure ended up exploding
in a spectacular fashion but hey it sure
did look pretty from Earth somewhere in
the depths of space
the commander still floats about with a
stern look on her face thank you for
telling me that oh great oh Platinum
cranking out those license games so they
could focus on this and shame on them
no you know what that's a lot like
shooting a wedding video it's a lot like
shooting a wedding video to finance your
own your own movies have you ever have
you ever seen a wedding video when's the
last time you went to a wedding okay
wedding videos now's our wedding videos
now are fantastic because people are
able to shoot a whole bunch of stuff and
have a video ready for the what do you
call it after the after the ceremony for
the
reception yeah and it's beautiful they
put pretty music to it everything shot
on a DSLR so it's like super depth of
field E and it looks gorgeous but if
you're if you've ever seen a anything
edited before you can see the cookie
cutter but you know the bride and groom
don't care about that they just they
just love oh it's me
it's me but it's like it's so cookie
cutter because people are dumb well no
because that's all but that's all they
want they want I want me looking pretty
on my day because that's what my day is
about it's about me looking pretty okay
so uber storm three yes say we don't we
don't stop what we're talking about
every time you get a tip it would be
horrible it would kill any discussion
we're having yeah so fun joining it said
this was a mature content stream yeah
what fuck fuck when do I get to see Jack
stick or a dick stick lol Jack my
Packard thanks for all the suicides you
guys stop I'm sure glad we stopped
everything to read that dick tip dick
tip dick tip everybody's talking about
dick tips just the tip just the tip
Anonymous's duck tails was better than
darkwing duck Michael Keaton was a
better Batman that Christian Bale Star
Trek is better than Star Wars Moon
Knight is lame
pineapple on pizza is awful and rap is
horrible
already we haven't been able to get in
touch with them so we'll need you to
look into that as well understood I
never said I would read what you wrote
bad_news, bad_news_everyone says hey
guys just rewatched Shaun of the Dead
today going through Wright's films to get
hyped for Baby Driver which of his
movies are your respective personal
favorites I know nothing about it
that's our by Edgar Wright Hot Fuzz Hot
Fuzz is fucking amazing
I wrote it off as like, uh, it's gonna be like
Super Troopers I was so wrong Hot Fuzz
is fucking amazing what are you doing oh
the end hero says no joke we show
patients how conditioned me how
conditions progress how surgery's a
curve and show comparisons between
procedures medical and architecture art
is a semi common stepping stone to game
animation alright so they they sound
legit with the eye medical I animate oh
yeah I am
interesting sorry about that one of the
things that I was doing here there one
of the reasons that Jay stopped by is
they've run across a VHS tape that they
were having trouble
ingesting usually they Jane might have
their system of getting the VHS tape
imported for four episodes of shows in
which we watch VHS tapes unfortunately
some of them are more difficult than
others and I have a way of ingesting
them and that's why Jay came to drop off
one so I've been ingesting this whole
time and it's and it worked okay and you
probably couldn't hear it play but if
you listen back to that little that
little part you might be able to figure
out
movie it is now probably Friday you
probably can't hear it yeah some genius
is out there not watching our stream are
you kidding there's medical i animators
what the hell of this is so grimy I'm
sure that's a real thing it's just weird
Jack Lemmon says rich and some are gonna
hold one of your highschool videos and
your choice was to either have that
exposed to the internet or playing Final
Fantasy on stream which would you choose
to shoot that person in the head to get
the video back and not have to play
Final Fantasy Nico :
hi jack and rich have you heard of
prevents a British horror comedy coming
out about a pregnant woman who goes at a
killing spree driven by the voice of her
demonic unborn child
great sounds like shock it could be fun
if they treat it right yeah Gallagher
says just add the pipe in because
someone was dissing pineapple pizza
again fuck that fucker anyway I had
pineapple upside-down pancakes the other
day
can we all put our knives down in world
peace to agree no pineapple pizza is
terrible pineapple pizza sterols
pineapple and listen I've been through
that phase you know like after you're
done eating standard pizza and you have
like a pineapple hand pizza right yeah
and you go oh my god this is so
different than flavors but then you
realize that those flavors don't go
together and you move on things yet but
I I think it's okay to have go through
that phase where you say hey I'm eating
something different I am being
adventurous right no just say okay
that's an okay thing but you have to you
have to get past that and get to good
food
save I did I just did also go to the
menu on your skills and check your chips
install yeah I tried to do that and I'll
be honest with you I don't necessarily
understand what's happening with my
chips and stuff oh I know I don't want
that I want weapons nonnamous says
here's another tip for that clever and
version of my tip you cheesy fuck you
cheese if I welcome you welcome
there's no Jay to back you up here on the
pineapple thing okay your your no no
pineapple pizza song you just get have
to deal with that if you're watching the
stream I'm sorry
Jack chips are on your skills you can
unequip the chips that allow you to see
bits of your HUD and have certain skills
yeah I was there I just didn't
understand it to see you like plugging
chips right right and then you guys here
set type a Type B type C destroy chip
like what is that almost customized
right you probably have different
settings so you can switch between
setups easier right you have a stealth
build that's sure sure then you go to B
you got an action bill then you can
quickly do it rather than going through
100 ships and changing individual right
and I guess what I'm trying to say is
I'm not there yet with even a general
comfort of the game or I'm ready to
customize my character okay let me get
through a couple levels and figure out
like oh you know what I would like I
would like to be you know I'd like my
attacks be slightly quicker oh and then
there's a chipset that does that right
or like you said a stealthy thing I
think I need to get a little bit further
in the game before I even know what I
want
whereas which keeps saying HUD instead
of HUD like a normal person because it's
it's an acronym it stands for heads-up
display yeah you could call it either
yeah ness or NES yeah whatever right I
give a shit which one you use as long as
I understand what you're trying to say
yeah so settle down this dream is going
to be entirely at the bunker at this
right now I what if oh yeah by the way
it will be because I don't necessarily
know what's going on but I am also a
very slow gamer I take my time why would
there be stealth in a fucking character
action game I was just making an example
what's sake you know rich I understood
your example is a fine example I get in
HUD display that's like saying DC Comics
Kubo self-contained underwater breathing
apparatus yes
am i right yeah sometimes it's scuba
yeah
scuba apparatus but I guess that's one
you don't say yes you theoretically you
could but everyone knows scuba scuba
scuba just has a nice sound to it it
looks it does and you know what also you
know that's that's a lot of letters
right that's not just HUD which I'm
gonna make wine out of your testicles
your highest acting achievement and
early rlm that was like shortly before
Lincoln made it big that was later day
yeah that was that was Mike was living
in Milwaukee and I wasn't at the time he
came to you know visit home and I was
over seeing my old friend Mike and he
wanted to film something at his parents
basement and so he poked me with a stick
and say we're doing this
that was that was relatively later date
that's a great line though I got a pack
for what else is going to do I'm gonna
make wine out of your testicles oh
that's a very great it's a great line
did you tell your grandma that didn't
she save it and I said then in that
particular video oh you know I'm
thinking monkey man she said a lot of
weird thing she'd ever said I'm gonna
make wine I know I figured that was her
life ya know I was like that's the line
you gave your grandma all right rich
nope can't access that right now
that's just an empty room oh my god up
here
oh we've gone into cutscene
target location acquired I like your
little robot guys oh okay
okay why is the world always destroyed
and in the future in games now cuz they
understand the reality order is being
funny I know you know why cuz post
apocalypse is fun like it's fun to draw
it's fun to think about it'sit's it's
neat fun happy like sciency futures
could be fun to Jack for work I think
culturally we're stuck on this whole
dystopia kick right now oh gee I wonder
why the the problem with the fun happy
science fiction is there's not a lot of
competition to run Hillary shouldn't run
Hillary Wow I was just making it
generally easy you you're the one that
brought that up you don't need to bring
that up cuz then it's gonna turn into a
whole thing and then eventually gonna be
oh I shouldn't have said anything oh
that's the whole thing right I think
that's usually where you get to like an
hour after you said something people are
still commenting on oh god I shouldn't
have said I should have said anything
there's no ass by the way there has been
no but here you guys promised me but and
there has been no but can we because if
you if you word Lee move the cameras or
the cameras down you could see her
bright that makes it sexist right and
you can't even okay but he is so what I
was getting at is the fun happy science
fictiony future there's not necessarily
good conflict there and especially for
an action game like sure you need this
you need broken down cities and shit but
you can have a fun setting full of
flying cars and plots oh sure but I
think that's a different kind of game
hello
that's just a different kind of game but
from the perspective of not having NPCs
this is probably a lot easier yes
oh look moose you think you can get him
self-destruct four but I think we can
kill the moose
creating mousse with my sword running
aim the camera to the ground for ask
yeah do that
that's so pervy so for the stupid team
kid would do that in chuckle most means
here but I obtained moose meat god I
killed the moose
my sword is not equipped somehow i
unequipped my sword rich
do I not have a sword okay
uber storm three says hey guys I love
the stream check out veg auntie Vicomte
I don't know how you pronounce that va
GaN te spelunky with RPG bullshit you're
doing a great job of selling us by the
way doing a great job of selling us also
what what do I do want to make films but
I hate marriage and weddings lol
fill me up daddy well uber storm three
is just a wordsmith honestly um
wordsmith the jack a poet a modern-day
poet he he uses words like Rembrandt
used a paintbrush I think I can only
equip the sword for one thing just just
paints a beautiful picture of an
ignorant person who has no idea what
they're saying it's a wonderful work of
art listen if you want to be a filmmaker
and and make money you have very little
options in front of you you can you can
throw your hat into the wedding
videography game you can throw your hat
into the making videos for YouTube game
you can throw your hat into lo into no
budget filmmaking that you sell to
Walmart for 10 cents a copy you have
very few options you have something to
say that stands out and is quality yes
you have a lot of options YouTube but
you have to you you have to have the
talent you have to have the the
interesting angle the interesting story
to tell yeah you you know be a lot
easier than it was for us in the old
days
we used to share tapes with people it
was like snail mail sending them a VHS
tape you can just shove something right
on YouTube but there's a lot of
competition yeah but if it's good enough
people will find it and that is the
truth if you make something that is good
enough enemies like this lately they
just stand there and stare into space
it's pretty weird right my map go and
that's the fun part that's the fun part
about YouTube and just like the
collective mind of the internet they
will find good stuff get good that's
what you do joki
double-o one says tell us about cleaning
lady was that your house that was that
was my grandmother's house technically I
think it was mine and my uncle's as my
grandmother I think it passed by that
point I could be wrong
don't remember exactly when we made the
cleaning lady oh isn't he the robot
gently brings you down it's cute that's
a penny says hey guys I work at
educational publishing and just wanted
to say thanks for my curiously keeping
me company while I spend my weekend
researching tree frogs for a 5th grade
math book about fractions I'm fishing
are they being sincere or is that just a
frog fractions reference other different
fractions reference there's not enough
does not twist too much make that a a
joke though I'm not sure if it was
supposed to be a joke or just a
reference hey did you see the new noclip
by the way noclip is the channel on
youtube that makes amazing documentaries
and they just put out a two-parter for
for frog fractions and frog fractions
too
I'm old school you said no clip I
thought you'd walk through a wall in
this game I thought you were being legit
for a second ther what did you did I see
I don't know this game had sheets the
new new clip documentary on the creator
of frog fractions and frog fractions - a
really great talk piece documentary
about the creation of both very
interesting I still have to watch their
interviews with the classic do people do
I was just John Romero that was just
John Romero oh but it's really good it's
a really good one can you come back the
dueling forces maybe come back said no
you Carmack's still dealing with that
lawsuit and that he lost yeah yeah so
you know what you know what I don't
think he's in the mood to talk to people
at the moment did he do that thing they
accused him of doing that's why yeah it
turns out is totally stole their tech to
make Occulus happen yep
I read the that book masters of Dillman
when he was younger he was he was
stealing Apple to computers from schools
using thermite it's such an incredibly
nerdy thing to do to make your own
thermite so you can burn a hole in the
school window to get in without setting
off the alarm so you can steal an Apple
computer I love that story I just got a
kill fish machine
I hate he'd be the one I'd want to see
an interview of because I don't I don't
think he's all right in the head to
begin sir sure yeah then he's definitely
the one you're not gonna get an
interview from because he's not all
right in the head brilliant but what was
it he had his cat put down because it
like peed on his couch or something
right it was something fairly like yeah
of course cab did that it's a cab and he
had to put down like took it to the vet
had them kill it he's there's something
wrong there's something wrong with that
man sure I think this is very strange
that you can fish I'm on a mission
fishing
Nico :
I know it's been a while but wanted to
give you an update my DreamWorks cartoon
series
too-loud that rich lent his velvety
voice - yes
thumbs up this summer hey great news
flash animation takes forever I remember
that from a long time ago I'm sorry I
ruined your project it's a pre-emptive
apology himegami him him Annie I don't
know how you pronounce things great him
here all these these newfangled
usernames just weird jack h IM h i am i
any him e him me as well or is it him
him is it like a him like you would do
in church you know well there's no y in
there i'm just gonna you know what it's
fine
or how about him Jaime that person's him
Jaime have you guys heard about the Star
Trek TNG FMV game called Borg seen some
clips and it looks pretty amazing don't
know if it falls under schlock but Q is
hamming it up at the fullest love you
guys as there has there ever been a good
full motion video game has that ever
happened sorry Jennsen going to dinner
soon but gonna get anything else from
the eShop rich getting Isaac or Metal
Slug soon was gonna slip some extra
eShop cards in your boxes but didn't
have any at the time yeah I don't be but
solo this so relatively little out right
now beep I might take a look at
at what's it called what's it called I
mean not Bomberman the other class of
game when you drive around a little tank
and I can't remember what it's called
master blaster master was master master
yeah I'm with it I might I might take a
look at that yeah that looks interesting
well like in in general I I just I
really want to keep playing Zelda I'm
not immediately bright but I was playing
a little bit of a do you snipper clips
with Karen that is cute we didn't get
ourselves some snips sniffer clubs is
cute I got Isaac I bought Isaac and
Isaac for anyone who's been paying
attention the the first run of physical
isaac cards come with stickers and come
with a little instruction booklet that
they mirrored after the original Legend
of Zelda instruction booklets going down
to details as precise as the original
Zelda booklet had a typo in it and they
recreated that typo in their book that's
so cute and it's adorable and so I've
been playing Isaac on the switch you
know more so just to get some more
switch time and like do they mimic
someone like the pictures they drew like
run around yep but with Isaac and some
of the weapons which of course some of
the weapons were based off of Zelda
weapons anyway and so yeah it's great I
have to see I will bring that in next
time I come in cuz it's adorable no Mass
Effect Mass Effect Andromeda can die in
a tire fire
you know about to be if Mass Effect
Andromeda were were growing and and I
were within arm's reach I would let Mass
Effect Andromeda drown that's penny says
the tree frogs are really for a book
about fractions the premise of the book
is wildlife world records no idea if the
author meant it as a reference or not
trying to siphon off some of that frog
fractions hyperedge is the thing they
like for me yeah yeah sure
Jesus rich we get it you people keep
asking me not you specifically because
you're irritated but people in the chat
keep asking me
Anonymous's Jack what do you suggest for
baby's first video editor something
cheap slash free for someone who wants
to see if it's for them baby's first if
you have the thing I start I mean I I
started on final cut but when I started
becoming serious about video creation
like like back in school they were
teaching me it was like final cut to or
something is very old final cut but when
I started to get serious and just make
little videos like with my cousin and
stuff like that I started with iMovie
iMovie is totally free if you have a Mac
and a really simple way to edit videos
put titles on them get transitions all
that fun stuff and have decent export
Windows Movie Maker I think is windows
version of that that's free but there
are just just start googling ya Video
Toaster I think is one no I'm just
joking just you know Google free editors
and I'm sure you will get better ones
than those but that's where I started I
started on iMovie then got myself a copy
of final cut if you want to dip your
toes into professional editors you can
get a month of Premiere Pro for free and
just spend 30 days with a professional
editor and try to get it done and then
after that it's 50 bucks a month to hold
on to it so
but I I'm I'm actually not super
familiar with the free editors that are
out there at the moment so I'm not a
good person to ask about that just
because I use all the pro stuff now and
all the gook says I reviewed Master
Blaster zero on my stream if you're
curious hmm if you played the original
it is genius
it's exactly what a reboot should be
Jack will enjoy him smart twin-stick
exploration twin-stick exploration
interests i remember i remember the
original been a long long time so played
it you could drive around in your tank
and then you could also get around off
out of the tank and do stuff maybe we
should play that Sunstream sure okay
sure you know what maybe we'll get it
for Wednesday okay how's your tooth done
by the way much better as you can tell
cuz I'm here in conscious and once
when's the dental appointment because
like the plan is when you are feeling
better when your tooth is healed yeah
we're having that Phoenix right the next
Phoenix red stream oh is that it I think
that we have to it's been to why it has
been too long
I think it's not so next week I mean
right now it's fine Wednesday could be
alright maybe Wednesday for a for a
Phoenix right that's one of those where
we're gonna have to play by ear because
some some days are better than others
and I think finally my the the
antibiotics are kicking in it's still
very sensitive yeah but you know like I
can feel it I just opened my mouth and I
can feel my job but it's not it doesn't
hurt okay it's still love the
off-putting
it is like just doing that like if and
Oh crumb and the chat saying
careful rich Bioware is starting a
Ghostbusters esque campaign against
people who are slamming Mass Effect and
Andromeda know why it's not like it's an
all-female cast or something you can
choose to play as a girl or a really
weak looking guy who can also fit in the
girls sized armor because they weren't
too lazy I made two different armors
yeah because it works for ghostbusters
that's why that's why they want to do it
because the campaign weren't
don't listen to that guy he's lying okay
oh okay can I talk to you okay
yeah I'm gonna help yet great okay let's
go let's go let's go help some dudes out
fight some robots gobbledygook
show-stopping acts fast rmx is fun too
I was playing it at Walmart the other
day here's the challenge
take your switch to Walmart put it on
top of your shopping cart and try to
drive the cart while playing that's fun
why would I want to take my $300 switch
to Walmart or it could easily be lost or
stolen I think I think the greater idea
is just like attaching attaching it to a
I know you like the hand home
capabilities but it's like this
expensive thing you don't want to risk
taking out and losing it
I don't get it feeling nice has no
bearing on completing missions I'm just
like the idea of like putting it in a
cart and using the cart to
rebel bases hey guys love the stream
tonight a suggested jacket he might want
to add the banner don't ask about mass
effects I for one understand Rich's pain
and would like to move on this game will
flop and we'll stop hearing about it in
a week ones that actually come out that
I have no idea when it actually comes
out I don't I don't think this game is
gonna make very many waves no no it's
it's dead Jim
it's dead Jim
don't do it damn it I'm a doctor not a
game developer do it
what's this red circle in here me
I kind of love these robots don't they
don't they look like children's robots
but but in full 3d
yeah they look rusty and granny yeah
yeah but they expect to see that a kid's
toy toy chest only bright blue and red
yeah yeah well I'm just I'm saying like
that's like the the robot like a kid
would draw oh sure you know it's
adorable looks a little bit like the the
Iron Man mark one yeah
adorable that's the quest area you
doofus Jesus I did the quests I defeated
the robots from the save point unless
that wasn't the quest all right I'm in
the quest area so now what oh no it's
good did I do the quest already active
quests
she says a broken key small gear broken
circuit
maybe I should have been paying
attention oh okay here we go copper ore
oh okay I got to go around here and find
some shit okay I'm with it I'm with you
hey I'll pick up some shit that's over
here and give it back to the guy moose
you got some shit I could kill you I
won't I could but I won't
IRA got some moose meat oh there's the
thing some day jack will reach the first
level of the game is that the first
level shit I'm a really slow gamer this
is this is how I like to go I just cuz
you know what usually I spend this is
what I do the first level of our game is
like this I just bump up against every
single wall to see if I can find a
secret that's how I play the first part
of every game as I just kind of yeah
what's over here what's going on over
here I like to see what I can do I like
to fart around apparently I got to find
some fucking iron ore or copper I gotta
find some shit and I don't see it here
nice I got a I hope I don't need to kill
these robot these these friendly robot
bros because they're just hanging out
they're not hurting anybody know what I
need to do I should probably read the
quest again
you can actually go back to the area
where you died in the intro and get some
goodies Jack use your focus I don't have
focus do i but this game doesn't have
levels it's an open-world action RPG
I've been trying to tell you all night
what I don't know anyone rich what is
your position on tipping since Jack
triggered Joyce the chat if you're
tipping us early and often in general if
you're at a restaurant bare minimum is
15 that's the bare minimum if you have
good service I'll give more absolutely
absolutely tipping is one of those it's
one of those terrible things in a
perfect world I would like to see
tipping abolished literally once did not
I did not tip money once maybe twice in
my life I did not leave a tip the
service was unbelievably bad sure
I think tipping is an incredibly
inefficient method of like service
incentive it's like at a Denny's all
right and there's like empty there was
like almost there's nothing almost
nobody in there needs to be and I think
you spent like half an hour waiting and
the server was literally like 10 feet
away from us talking to somebody oh we
just got off the bus yeah that's
terrible
tipping is this crazy thing that has
become normal right but it's if ship
tipping is retarded here's the thing in
the u.s. though I unassigned I'm
assuming you might be from Europe
because there's a difference here
because in the u.s. waiters get paid
Jack ship they get less than minimum
wage because of tipping Oh waiter waiter
and waitresses count on tips to have a
lug to eat to live right right that's
how they get all their money here's
here's so so that here's the here's the
fucked up thing about tipping you know
another way you could describe tipping
customer subsidized salaries mmm-hmm
it's just so restaurant owners don't
have to pay their employees so that much
yeah
right yes exactly that's exactly what it
is and it's bullshit and it's an
inefficient way of of dealing with bad
servers right because if you tip poorly
but don't tell the manager that you got
bad service the management is not going
to not hire that or fire that person
right it's stupid and I know there are
several places that have experimented
with a no tipping policy and they play
there they pay their servers decent
living wages and so far they say that
customers appreciate it more like they
have to pay a little more for a burger
but then they don't have that pressure
of tipping and like a lot of customers
feel that sure and so a lot of people
like it better this whole not tipping
thing and I would like to see that
happen they do not get below minimum
wage yes they do get below minimum wage
wait wait staffs get well below minimum
wage and I mean III uh my sister-in-law
how do they get around that though
legally wage is called minimum wage for
a reason I've heard I have heard they
make less than minimum wage yes but how
would you get around that is there some
kind of exemption built-in in it for the
service industry yeah I but I want to
say there is
State oh they're saying state by state
state by state all right state by state
a here it is my sister-in-law used to be
a waitress and she you know she was
making something like 325 an hour
nothing so you have to tip for that
reason yes you have to tip unto unless
you are at a place that specifically
says don't tip or until we as a society
have started to deem tipping to be
unnecessary you have to tip well
customer subsidized salaries that's what
we have here no no come out on top of
this tree that's what we got going on I
think is horseshit tipping
my chase gaming says word on the street
and by street
I mean totalbiscuit uh okay first of all
that's Street andromeda is not developed
by Bioware but a sub studio formed in
2009 to do grunt work for the main devs
that has never made a full game before
you can call anyone Bioware now Bioware
as you know them they're all gone anyway
the the founders and the important names
they're already gone even if they're not
officially in the same studio it's still
different people making the fucking game
it's it's like going to a Beach Boys
concert nowadays maybe one guy still
there but the rest is Captain blue 42
says tip 1 of 2 speaking of video
editing what is your opinion on paid
subscriptions for the software question
mark I bought Sony Vegas because I don't
like it or the idea of Adobe
monopolizing an entire industry adobe
has not monopolized entire industry as
you are using Vegas currently other
people use Final Cut there are so many
options for video editors the the pitch
you know on Adobe's front their pitch is
this is what will this is what will help
stop people pirating our software and if
people stop pirating our software we can
actually put a lot more money towards
development and bettering the software
that and that's where I go I give a
monthly subscription to Adobe and I get
all and I get everything I get premiere
I get After Effects I get Photoshop
which are the big ones that I use
regularly
they have an audio editing program they
have a million things that I can use for
50 bucks a month and it's great the
downside of that is sometimes the costs
doesn't add up to what it used to people
might be paying slightly more for a
service that they were using but it's
it's in an effort to stop piracy and
that was a problem piracy is a huge
problem of video editing software and I
guess so I guess I'm okay with it
they're trying to solve a problem
they're trying to make sure that they
have the resources to make my video
editing software work again and I think
it's fair pricing like I said for 50
bucks a month for one month like let's
say you're you're even considering
editing on premiere
you slap down 50 bucks and you get a
month of premiere After Effects in
Photoshop yeah which is the main tools
of any video editor you could make
something you can make something and
just see if it fits your life for $50 a
month and you couldn't do that before
before you had to slap down a few
hundred maybe a thousand dollars for all
that Jack for saying you can air -
that's what our - I try
whoa nice I think I'm done no how do I
get back to my mission area where can I
find a big map there right there boom
what are our current sets loaded loner
our con says to check them back
I was watching twitch presents Power
Rangers I saw some of the episodes and
they have worse acting than in space cop
ha ha ha it's true also Jack yeah you
are fine on mirror also there is a there
is naked guy but but later oh good god I
was promised but I'm getting but like
I've not seen one but yet no no no buts
no buts
yeah a Power Ranger is bad but it's fun
it's Power Rangers is fine fine schlock
it's great guys big fucking rope with
cardboard robot suits I love it look at
this fake wall
sorry gobbledygook why bother why even
bother bother come on get real tipping
is all about taking out the management
moment to moment
it's the privilege of feeling like I'm
the boss I give a waiter the money and I
am the boss period direct pure beautiful
yeah but the boss shouldn't be released
from the equation from the employees
perspective or from the bosses
perspective the employee should not be
reliant on the tips to make a decent
wage it should be a nice bonus as its
intended to be that's why it's called a
tip and not a salary ya know that's the
that's the problem with tipping in the
service industry is it it just just
fucks up it fucks up the equation but
you know restaurants like it because
they don't have to pay as much to their
people which means that there
and all it does is stress the people who
are actually working on our tables so is
the people reading tips yeah look we're
not we're not being underpaid by a
manager this is we are we are our boss
and obviously these are while these are
called tips they function differently
all right as tips in the service
industry
Uh, Kaboomzoo says, what's your opinion on
Duck Man if you've seen it thanks for
the streams
that's a Jason Jason Alexander yeah I
used to love it yeah I haven't seen it
in so goddamn long I don't know how well
it holds up but at the time I loved the
show
there was Duck, Duck Man and weird science,
the live-action TV show based on
the movie I don't remember that they
were like back to back on us a duck man
Oh duck man yes I also have fun memories
of duck man I think this is where I need
to go gosh darn it
where am I let's be real the stream is
riding on RLM fame coattails
sure absolutely all the coattails but
once again we're not being paid next to
nothing by a manager to do a stream and
then counting on tips to make up the
difference right if we stop doing this
Mike or Jay wouldn't give a shit well so I
guess it kind of is similar to the to
the management position because like if
a manager loses a waitress they don't
get it so I guess it is kind of similar
didn't I get oh my god your stuff
apparently do ever watch monster vision
growing up I remember monster vision I
wasn't so much of a horror movie guy
that like ever didn't hang mostly cuz I
think my mother burned be out on horror
movies my mother loved cheesy horror
films so weird family family night to
her was a Friday the 13th film with the
boobs and the blood that was family
night to my mother oh man that's so
strange
I thought I got all his stuff but
apparently I didn't
I'm so confused as to what I'm supposed
to be doing right now
go to the so you said when you're
confused you go to the red thing under
man right that's the easy thing to do go
to the red thing on your map lumberjack
self-destruct for ass please why I'm
trying to finish a mission and then I
will self-destruct for ass I will save
and self to start next time I get to a
safe point I will self-destruct for ass
apparently there's ass if you
self-destruct I'm content is so sparse
it needs prereq to play quake placate
the fans the constant stream of content
look you're gonna we're getting ready
for a huge just dump shit oh my lord you
had you all have no idea what is about
to be unleashed there's an editing glut
going on right now yes Mike and Jay have
absolutely no concept of pacing
themselves though they'll probably be
spaced out a little bit there are
currently three reviews in the can yes
just review yeah I'm gonna say there's a
total of six videos in the can - best of
the worst to best the worst three
reviews something else we got shit
coming this is insane what's happening
okay
I just saved okay so we're gonna get a
good butt shot here and
oh yes all right so then you then you
get she blows her dress off
if you self-destruct okay and then you
get bought Oh No but why is everything
great huh
I thought you self-destructed I did
self-destruct but you're still there
apparently okay I don't know how it
works - breath of the wilds question
mark I get it I get it yeah they're very
funny
oh they could have called it anything
else anything else as long as the
initials were different yeah I don't
have any healing shit and I gotta go I
gotta go back now I gotta go you guys
could have warned me that I that this
would have killed me but not killed me I
got to go back and get healing shit now
yeah but though that's great I guess eh
that's a nice bun I'm okay with this bud
yep front of her in the bushes you think
it'd be an easier way to get this then
then self-destructing cuz now I need
potion jackets it's too much bud but
it's too much but it's it's too perfect
it's too perfect and it hurts to look at
because it's too perfect I think you're
crazy
there's no there's no such thing as too
much this oh I can't stand looking at
this fine fine rear end no it's fine
pick up some of this she's clearly an
Android because that is no human being
could have that bud oh I found another
whippin it's nice oh good that should be
enough let's get these back to the
trainer oh good I found the thing I
found the thing I was supposed to find
rich that's great I did it that's great
I did it all because of the power of
butts I can't see anything else on the
screen I know it's great it's just
distracting check it's great isn't it
how am I going I'm going away
but but but but but but party body butts
holy crap Jack completed the quest not
yet I still need to get back to the guy
but I am uh I am well on my way to
completing at least one quest in this
game it's pretty exciting Gallagher says
again if you don't like tips don't work
in the service industry and if you're a
poor person looking for a job come to my
house and mow my yard or go pick peaches
out in the orchids orchards work is
there yeah but a lot of the work is in
the service industry like you a lot of
people can't choose where they work you
have the job that you can get two
buckets 250% better if you go under the
waterfall the what under the waterfall
oh okay well first things first is we're
gonna get rid of this grey vision oh I
can buy weapons now that's exciting
okay I think this guy over here has some
stuff to heal me up I was I was kind of
hoping some of the dialogue would change
like I wonder if I want to go talk to
people now they would like maybe stammer
a little bit more and be like ah so uh
what's what's going on with you lady cuz
I got my butt hanging out now that'd be
funny Oh cut damn it hey be a be a PA
amb button are backwards on the Nintendo
controller and it's very very upsetting
are all of the humans like dead no these
are humans that I'm talking to are they
they're humans not androids this is
confirmed yeah okay we work for the
human resistance okay after an alien
attack okay now I have some healing at
alien attack an alien attack so it's not
robots gone mad it's it's alien robots
or just aliens I've maybe both
wait where am I shit did I not buy those
things cut damn it there are no humans
these are all androids they said they
were with the human resistance a lot
apparently I did not buy the things that
I thought I bought there we go
there we go
now I bought them these are all androids
the humans live on the moon so mr. smart
I like that I like that the humans live
on the moon okay there we go now we get
full oh oh shit girl check we settle
down what the peaches and shit oh I'm
sorry what can we settle down with the
peaches and politics with with the
politics you want to settle down with
the politics how long has it been an
hour
did I call that an hour later rich says
settle down this is nothing to do from
our little our little sparring match
earlier that was brief oh yeah this is
all just from the tips talk about tips
really yeah just tip talk the tip talk
has led to this Wow I did I I did not
know that tips were a hot-button issue I
didn't either I was unaware that tips
were a hot-button issue so the waterfall
made the color come back no I ate a
health potion and you still have no
skirt okay yeah okay you know what
it's a nice bud but I miss the skirt
skirts nice it's just distracting
attractive but distracting oh well I
don't want to start fishing so I don't
see how this waterfall is gonna help
okay well maybe see it a waterfall hold
on is it just that it essence now oh
wait these a little box under here we've
got a medium recovery okay great I'm
under the waterfall and nothing's
happening
I'm just gonna hang here for a little
bit maybe she does something like if you
don't touch her controller I think it's
a shiny shiny it all right great
and for anybody joining us the framerate
on the game is actually great yeah it's
actually really great we're playing on
PC uh-huh
any any kind of drop frames is from our
capture software it's from OBS yes many
apologies as I can see I can see it
right now stuttering in OBS but I'm
looking at it and that wet ass is
smooths butter mark that down on the
list of things I never thought I'd hear
rich Evans say never thought you hear
that okay here's the mission area
rich would you pay ten thousand to go
into space what end up like a grade
school sociology teacher what did what
does she teach the Challenger teacher
what was it
history look I think space is great and
fascinating and I love astronomy and I
love astrophysics I wouldn't want to go
there with our current level of
technology need a small gear and a
broken circuit this is the quest area so
somewhere around here should be a small
gear and broken circuit once we have
Christine wasn't Walsh
Steen something
I'm just you know they didn't die in the
explosion they didn't know they have
every reason to believe that the the
compartment the crew was in was still in
one piece
it's horrifying rich they had discovered
like some kind of like safety air things
were used they were alive on the way
down
some of them conscious I'm gonna call
shenanigans on whoever said like this
was the zone region I don't see no parts
to pick up over here unless they're in
the robots do I have to fight the robots
I say save the load the save to reset
the area yeah so it's like a glitch kind
of thing like you know cuz someone was
yelling at me before for not playing the
game right oh no you know what I need
you I did need to kill the robots there
we go
I needed to kill the robots I was not
playing the game right okay
man these chores are a real pain in the
butt huh pain in the butt by helping
them
we also help ourselves some no I don't
think they're a pain yeah yeah
paying the butt mr. spider mom says ha
ha ha ha
nice ever thought of doing a mailbag
type stream slash video where you open
the stuff people since you in the mail I
think people would find this
entertaining downside you might get more
crap in the mail 95 percent yeah I'm
gonna say there's shitty vhss right
there's like 95% of it and then the rest
is truly random like I guess one
slightly less random Star Trek
collectible cards yeah some kind of like
hot dog or sausage metal tin lunch box
Darth Vader or like pantyhose container
what this is gonna Darth Vader thing
it's got underwear in it I don't and
really inspect it too much people be
crazy a Rosie O'Donnell Christmas tree
ornament plastic hands that you put on
your fingertips oh yeah those are great
some kind of bottle of brain powder for
zombies just weird random stuff yep yeah
but I'd be afraid to do that on a video
what you get it might be insane maybe
it'll be a decapitated head in there
jack
it could be anything oh yeah yeah you
never know
Oh different swords oh shit yeah I want
this one god the gut says okay last time
if you got no money
and you're looking for fun you can be
Superman or Batman all day long on the
ps4 it's free you fucks except I think
except for you have to buy a ps4 can you
get the PC you might be able to get that
amazing all right I have I honor I D
I've never looked into can't it can't be
as bad as the DC Cinematic Universe the
DCCC you the DC zu yeah wait did I
purchase this already
no I kind of want this the Detective
Comics comic Cinematic Universe him a
him mean him a him mean loving the
stream quick question what do you do to
stop procrastinating also sorry about my
name how you know Nathan pologize for
that hi me hi mine when I was four I had
to make up something that wasn't my name
I know it's not great no that's fine
it's just I'm looking at that I just had
no idea how to pronounce it but it's all
fine I have to apologize fat as far as
what do you do to stop procrastinating
the job you're supposed to be doing
haha is just that easy
not to take away from your hilariously
mean reply it's an accurate life but by
the way that is what you do you the only
way to get over procrastination is to do
a little bit of the work and then
hopefully that will steamroll into more
work that was just funny way to put it
snarky reply but I mean what else do you
say I mean that's that's the whole thing
you have to just not procrastinate right
okay so now I think I figured out this
weapon thing so now my light attack
don't fuck no that is not what I wanted
to do at all
procrastination is a hard thing to get
over
I was it wasn't Mark Twain said never
put off for tomorrow
what you can put off for the day after
tomorrow I love that quote I have
procrastinated myself a fair number of
times oh sure but the only real answer I
have is just stop procrastinating I
don't know any magic formula
right because there really isn't any
it'll be easier if you just made up in
sets that is the way you're doing it
well I'm figuring that out now I
actually don't like this how they like
now both weapons are my backside my
light sword for my light attack then
this big-ass sword for my heavy attack
can I hurt people no oh I don't like how
they hang out on your back like that
though that's kind of lame I think all
right all right I talked to all your
people they got a floaty thing around I
might get what's going on it's some kind
of technology it's fine yeah seven of
Borgnine says jack
now that you have listened to all three
run the jewels on them yep what are some
of your favorite tracks banana clip I
move with the elegance of an African
elephant okay boom banana clips great so
I mean there's so many good ones there's
so many good tracks they're just great
albums but and you know you know me I'm
terrible with names and and places and
people and numbers so I know but
supposedly but I'm somebody buy a bed
they'll explain the system's setups
wherever that is
as far as why I'm rich just sitting
there wishing they made Vanquish - I got
I got nothing against this game it's
just when Jack got here I had told you I
was just now mentally exhausted after
working today I just I just wanted to
chill out yeah which is fine that's what
yeah I'm playing today and that's fine I
just
talk to someone in a bed
oh he oh he was beds this is the top
room playing mirror automata right now
on Twitch hey hey we did it we did it
so Zelda still very popular yes that's
that's what I gleaned from then no way
to go or what to do around look there
but well there's a biggie sword in the
way now is that another wall invisible
wall
I will check as soon as I quick save oh
I can transport know if I can go in this
one what's my other job this is my other
job your other other job I'm very
blessed
I'm living the nerd dream jack oh yeah
am I gonna get myself I get to work with
my friends playing video games and
snarking on bad movies it's not a bad
way to live your life heck of a way heck
of a way may not be buying a mansion but
I'm living the dream oh we got the skirt
back okay I need to do some before we
can stop playing the game I need to do
like a real mission I need some action
yeah I just want to like fight one more
thing I just want to fight a thing
richer such a sellout nice the joke with
Mike about how easy we'd sell out we
joke about us in the future just being
horrible songs yeah that's a drop of a
fucking hand
I think this it's spawned all right this
is just a discussion me and Mike joking
around about becoming horrible sellout
huh spawned the the best idea we've ever
had we we are completely unable to film
it but it is still I think the funniest
thing we have ever come up with okay I
will tell you about it when we're not
streaming Oh Stan I'm telling them about
it because somewhere yeah somewhere even
though I know we'll probably never be
able to film it I would love to film it
all right shit but it started with us
joking about being horrible sellouts the
the definition of sellout has really
evolved throughout the years you know it
used to be just like doing you know like
doing something for money that you were
morally against right that's what a
sellout used to be now it's just like
you if you make money you're a sellout
right no that's you know you have to you
have to specifically you're not a
sellout unless you were taking money to
throw out your old values against your
values right if if if red letter media
took money to publicly state that they
loved the prequels then they would be
sellouts okay did I do it
what that's right okay okay
like if you if you make music yeah and
then you get paid a lot of money to make
music you're not selling out unless I'm
a punk rocker and that's what I love
I'll give you ten million dollars to
make pop music that some corporate guy
wrote and if you agree to that you're
right then your sellout but if you were
young and you said I'd love to sing
cheesy pop music that's some corporate
guy writes for me and then they offer
you ten million dollars to do that yeah
you're not a sellout even though you're
doing the same exact thing that the guy
who was into punk did that's true
okay go the abandoned factory didn't rlm
have some kind of sponsors in the
beginning no no I don't think so
there was some kind of like partnership
ii thing going on with machinima where
they wanted to show some of her videos
but it wasn't like it wasn't like them
giving us a lot of money to say things
they wanted us to say wasn't anything
like that they wanted to expand into
like movies right right so they wanted
us to like do half in the bag episodes
that they could put on machinima oh yeah
sure we'll do that as long as we can
have like longer versions i guess i
think they wanted him shorter yeah yeah
there they were going off of the old
system or you know still the current
system of and then our own website we
would have like longer version of the
same damn thing and that was that was
ages ago
what can I can I go to the abandoned
Factory I would like to go to the
abandoned Factory but like Coke never
paid me to hold up a diet coca-cola can
write on stream I'm getting no money for
this and and if this is a free plug for
Diet Coke if coca-cola said hey rich we
want you to do a commercial for us
you're not morally a no.1 what if I ever
bet against exactly that's what I'm
saying is is you're you are not you've
never been anti coca-cola well I'm a
Pepsi guy what a Pepsi I don't hate coke
but for Pepsi and be a mild sellout it
would be a mild sellout if I said Coke
was the best Oh
coke is better than Pepsi rich Evan says
so then I would be a sellout Oh
interesting but if I just did a Coke ad
I don't hate coke yeah so I would not be
a sellout if I just did a but you see
rich Evans just drinking a catcall
hmm that's fair
I I was trying to get back down to the
surface but the lady wouldn't let me go
back the same way you got there I did
what if I don't remember how I got here
columns should pull a fine brothers and
copyright the words best and worst I
think I think I think we should pull the
fine brothers and copyright a sarcastic
nerd podcast and then sue screen junkies
honestly that what that was so terrible
that was so terrible whatever whatever I
don't they do it it's fine it's fine
I'm now committed to never buying coke
again does feeding frenzy take place in
the same universe as space cap sure yes
I could if we decided to have some kind
of tie in but space cat versus versus
the sure what did you call them we could
easily do that I don't think that was
ever a conscious thing where sex place
the same universe oh it's gonna happen
placing marker on target the desert heat
is going to make resupply efforts
difficult to be free what do you screen
junkies do despite my joking around
nothing morally reprehensible oh no no
they they did their own version of the
nerd crew which was sad more than
anything yeah they tried their their own
take on a on an overly nerd friendly
podcast thing shit didn't didn't didn't
strike the same time
okay we're gone we're going here going
to the access point I'm waiting for it
we're good I think I'm sick of fucking
open worlds I I had hoped this would be
a straightforward action game that's
kind of what I was hoping for some kind
of fucking no I've had a lot of it
lately I don't need an all there
open-world game I really don't want to
run around with a gun or a sword
yeah or both and kill a bunch of things
in spectacular fun matters agreed I
don't I don't
I'm picking up resources here I know for
crafting and shit well you see that
dodge it's a great Dodge
nice does feel good
feels be the combat feels good to bad
bridge it's the future now futures
always the trends are always going one
thing into the other it's the trend now
but oh yeah something else it'll be
something else in six months this is
nothing
don't go into a sequel to an open world
game expecting it to not be open-world
like I know anything about the nearer
games to be honest I did not know this
was a sequel I know they made another
newer game or possibly multiple other
newer games that's literally all I know
no I I did not know that this was a
sequel
yeah no open world is still a fad it
will pass hopefully no it's not it's not
going to pass away
I mean Grand Theft Auto 3 you know which
popularized open-world that came on 2001
oh it's it's always gonna be around the
the question is is will it be every game
ever right what's popular time what's
all like finding resource thing torn
look I shouldn't skip this with
something down on open worlds agreements
and regional broadcasts are always so
stiff it's a shame yeah no I like it
looks and it looks fluent yeah the kind
that's all right oh hello every game
which doesn't complain about Zelda the
breath of the wild people just ignore
the hits you you really like to large
parts of horizon zero dawn I had
something to complain all that was
pretty major complaint for me is their
game I have nothing to complain about
which is Oh a silly concept to have
absolutely nothing to complain about
right and you know just about anything
of course you can find a little little
nitpicks and everything who opens a
sealed gate with explosives there's got
to be an easier way right I like dooms
multiplayer I've never played it I'm
just not interested in that
that's different than complaining about
it
actually I shouldn't have attacked them
some robots don't attack you I feel bad
and yes I do plan on sliding around all
the goddamn time Super Mario World I
don't think I've ever said a bad thing
about Super Mario World tomorrow's great
great game super maker you really like
Super Mario maker
it's need more for the YouTube videos
it's produced yeah I like watching the
harder levels but there's no way I can
get through them sure because own levels
though they're called yeah there are
some of them are freaking insane
well I believe it's absolutely fucking
insane this is and sure is slippery and
I got a skirt grew back what happened oh
the say the save points I transported
which is less transporting your your
body and more transporting your your
memory bomb into another body that's on
the moon the moon this is the moon no I
was on the moon now now I've transported
back any opinions on Super Mario RPG as
a childhood favorite of mine
oh yeah it's fun I only what I'm the
only one of those that played with Super
Paper Mario pretty similar Super Paper
Mario had it had a nice whoa do I need
to recover should probably recover
thoughts on Jennie Nicholson and her
videos her Rove one video was amazing
and she's a big fan of Harlem yeah I
talked about her she was on me when I
was on those shoes on the okay the
podcast video which was made it a little
disappointing yeah I've seen her stuff
and she's funny like disappointing that
you can't like her anymore
yeah I never want to no no no it was
goofy I really have nothing against
screen junkies and they're they're
terrible terrible nerd crew ripoff
that's fine I'm gonna do what they want
I'm gonna tease him about it though of
course you're gonna teasing about him
that's fine
but yeah I've seen her stuff I think
she's very funny she has a couple of
really good videos where she just she
and like she's more in the style of a
vlogger yep so you know she doesn't have
like properly edited videos or anything
like that but she's good and I like her
she's funny thought that might have been
that what's-her-name comic book girl 19
or nerd girl I think it's kind of a book
girl 19 just like different colored hair
in every other video like her I thought
that might have at her actual name
where's that guy oh sure
I like fighting fighting dudes I like
fighting dudes I always should get into
fighting dudes there's a little more
interesting this is this is one of those
games you know you kind of want a
corridor kind of just want a corridor
the sexy nerd girl still thing if she is
I have not heard about a recent lady
that was a real thing
yeah like dr. Werner comma comma Oh used
to use face paint like that
yes we have played Dragon's Dogma and we
both liked it
Vegas always yeah yeah we had it we did
a whole video on it I'm gonna I'm gonna
say Zelda
best of the worst yeah one way you could
prove on that game in the future you
need more giant monster fights that just
happen in the middle of the woods
you've missed a couple there's a under
this big skeleton yeah I know there's
some big rock monsters uh-huh it's a big
centaurs oh yeah there's some more hmm
there's some more that you can just
happen across and they're great which
one maybe I'm just forgetting something
I know those big dragons the big dragon
yeah did you get to the big dragon you
have seen the big dragons I haven't like
tried fighting it because it's big
fucking dragon and I'm afraid of it I
think if they another one I think
there's a bird I forget right now this
is a bird if this big bird I haven't
seen big bird maybe not and don't quote
me on that
okay I might be I might be missing it
I'm mixing that up a dragon song but you
know you can't go wrong just having more
giant monsters agreed
are you gonna fight me oh yeah I guess
yeah the big trolls what the things
around their neck I go out of my sneak I
usually sneak to get the things I rather
than fight them it seems like all a
waste of resources you know why why
waste your six level 63 sword on one of
those guys when you can just quietly hop
up on its hand to get to its belly yeah
yeah things you need but I guess those
count I just usually don't fight them
they're really easy to fight if you have
enough arrows yeah yeah really easy once
or twice I fought one hmm most of the
time yep
my bottom why bout it because why bother
yeah yeah I did I died did we just about
done yeah I thought I was gonna do one
more battle but apparently not okay I
forget how it goes
wait die Jack yeah yeah Greg and I'll
brain says rich how much do you hate
that picture of your swollen face due to
cat exposure or whatever I assume a
lot because Mike seems to use it a lot
any other interesting stories behind
that picture I don't hate that picture
it's an amusing picture yeah the story
behind that picture is the first time we
did space cop I was still living in
Chicago uh-huh so I came up here to do
space cop the original version and I was
staying at Jay's place and Jay's sister had
a cat that was there yep and I got the
usual bullshit now the cat's in the
other room and we vacuumed I've been
through this I know that doesn't work
but at that point I said well Sam I
gonna do I slept on the couch that night
and I didn't really sleep on the couch
because an hour after lying down on the
couch the side of my face that was on
the couch had giant swollen I can't hear
oh no that gets in the other room no
mm-hmm yeah a lot of people in this
actually part of what killed the
original space cop was that you couldn't
be there for this and I couldn't be
there yeah and then I had a giant swollen
and I wait I can go get my body
it's that thing I can do everyone thinks
they can just vacuum that will magically
fix the problem
god it's so annoying probably kicks up
more thank you yeah probably apparently
you can go get your body I want to say
it's this blue thing on the map ah look
at that
the previous body yeah retrieve repair
body should i repair what happens if you
repair you can recover you're plugging
chips um sure
oh that's funky oh that looks crazy Oh
previous warps can become your ally look
at that okay that's pretty cool
oh that's a weird visual oh I love that
I love that okay
oh that's funky that's great I am I'm on
on team recover body from now on all
right well great are we all cut up on
tips um oh the Sabbats lupus is hey guys
does the lack of backwards compatibility
of modern consoles irritate you like it
does me
I would love to place him the original
God of War trilogy but they're not reira
leasing them I just hold on to my old
systems I've never I've never traded a
system in like ever I still got my old
Ness yeah it's it's one of those funny
things because like backwards
compatibility would never be something
we would think about in the NES snazzy
days right because the cartridges were
different the the technology in order to
the technology behind the machines are
so different but now what is it yeah I
keep all of my systems hooked up until I
can emulate them and then I retire the
systems but I don't get rid of them they
go in like a closet bundle you know
cords get bundled up and throw them out
though yeah it's sometimes bothers me
but not really I guess it doesn't really
bother me because it's something that I
never would have thought about in the
old days so yep you know why would it
bother me now it's like like you said
just keep your old systems if you want
to play something ooh
ps3 emulation is increasingly a thing
yep one step one step closer to vanquish
on PC Jack that's what that means to me
I'm all for that and melee had the fuck
out of that ps3 all right this is gonna
be this is the ending shot look at this
shit that's dynamic all right look at me
and my team
that's me and my team you your friend
and yourself me my friend myself it's
great right there okay now is the time
in the show in which we thank all the
people who subscribe to us during quints
omni ak says sex is gonna last forever
Chris Gaines mm casual horse 16 months
and roses find the back for a live
stream Cheers
hypno Brett Thai Rak the ancient 15
months time keeper 102 dr. girlfriend
exp him him a ogon ID just phonetically
did this something over this that's
still available hi me hi mine says oh no
they say nothing but they just subscribe
though Jaime and I mine sagen twelve
twenty twenty six fucking months in a
row oddish zero one one one says let me
show rich are you guys doing any more
Ned to crew episodes in parentheses nerd
crew so I didn't just go back and fix
the typo they just left the typo uh-huh
and then they just put a parenthesis but
learned crew after the fact weird I
wouldn't rule out though there's a lot
to live up to there's a lot there's a
lot to live up to
yeah yellow is a flavor says I regret
nothing
Starkiller sanitation says love you guys
lakyn 20 fucking months and roses here's
another installment of five dollars for
your plastic surgery rich fuck you - its
fish boss 26 fuck
months in a row says spooky bathroom
game oh my god remember the fucking
thing to remember when we played the
spooky bathroom game do you remember
that I forgot because I'm a sane human
being did you find it what did you drop
the mouse Oh we'll need that back a
total misanthrope e casts total minnow
misanthrope e th ROP Y or misanthropy
that could be it cast Jay Sean
underscore 4:18
fucking once in a row no when do we do
fucking after 20 I was dumb I was dumb
because now I get confused Sean says I
have not been keeping up has this has
the this thing been replacing by the
other thing still a thing or has it been
replaced if it has by what vice versa
man says error 404 pithy subscription
message not found that a nice visual
that they could look at what happened
buttons were hit
yeah buttons were hit right Val 5001 not
a robot 101 says five months of giving
you giving my money to you hacks and I
have yet to see even one time this
message read on stream beause uka DK
ff15 says oh dang it must be my birthday
cuz I found me some white boy his that's
an old cut right there that's an old cut
and that's a classic fuck bot gun
infinity ro Boros mega paw GG kitties
Rick and Marty Rick and Morty says
didn't want to waste my two-month
notifier but I have nothing to say so
here we are yes you're wearing oh yeah
chicken Macbeth's Starkiller 1633 says
really enjoy the streams guys also I
really hope DC keeps Schneider out of
any film with Batman in a prison because
he once actually said he thought Batman
should have gotten raped in prison do
you think that's where the hey this has
come from his later Snyder was pushing
on his producer credit
we need a scene we need a scene and
Affleck goes you know I want to be bad
know it says it I want to be bad man but
not that badly
TC 209 and for you to read or sing I
guess um for Jack to sing he'll get it
oh okay I can do this I can do this it's
prereq time come on and grab your
friends we'll go play many different
games with Jack the clown and rich the
human the fun will never end
it's prereq time humans stubborn refusal
clay dough water says I forgot to cancel
my Amazon Prime subscription so might as
well give you guys free money thank you
macaws neck 21 fucking months a neurosis
whoo whoo finally broke the twenty month
plus one barrier space jack 2080 for
thirteen months a neurosis
triskaidekaphobia cock shinless freddy
Frug ER says do you like pie it's fine
I'm okay with pie pushy pad 30 fucking
months a neurosis 30 titty fucking
months in a row no way
it's not gonna be titty fucking the 36
okay it can't be fucking we already have
you could just add to it like something
fuck mother fucking oh sure and then the
next one had another thing yeah Ultra
motherfucker yeah yeah yeah not titty
fucking it's got to stop at some point
let's get ridiculous can you imagine in
100 years of doing this what it'll be
ultra titty motherfucking cocksucking
piss come guzzling son of a bitch hey
face dick knows months in a row god damn
it
yeah I love it oh god I hope we're not
doing this in a hundred years this is
what we got so again
sorry Jen 13 months and her roses here
where I started to hi I started too high
and I can't get much higher I'm sorry
near far wherever you are I believe that
the heart does go
yeah sorry lucky number 13 way too high
when I started I couldn't I couldn't
keep up with word needed to go good I'm
gonna work through applesauce boss
crocodile brain 29 fucking months a
neurosis just want to point out that I'm
even older a subscriber but apparently
you Fox couldn't pronounce my original
name oh smitty werben jmj keep up the
great work
whoa somebody once told me oh I thought
there you can do it if you want I don't
have lyrics the world was gonna roll me
I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed
she was looking kind of dumb with her
finger and her thumb in the shape of an
L on her forehead well the Years start
coming and they don't stop coming fed to
the rules and I hit the ground running
didn't make sense not to live for fun
your brain gets smart but your head gets
dumb so much to do so much to see so
what's wrong with taking the back street
you'll never know if you don't go you'll
never shine if you don't glow hey now
you're an all star get your game on go
play rock star
oh that glitter top su-26
fucking months and roses any copies of
Mass Effect Andromeda Bioware has
already done it for you
cheers fellas Lando was taken 20 mine
fucking months in a road
glenda was taken says station I hate
people who steal my name future future J
baby Slayer one five six for 30 fucking
months in a row
Oh baby Slayer says best $149 and 70
cents I have ever spent
glad to fund you frauds we appreciate it
baby Slayer h'weezy says golly disti 87
418 got ya he's got dis dat seven for 18
months in a row says Richard Edlund vs.
his sons is a masterpiece
thank you for a year and a half of
prereq telegin for 31 fuckin months in a
row
the notes ghost hosts 999 says woo hoo
six months AHS Mike for 27 fucking
months in a row says hey guys are you
guys like best friends with Andrew W K
now has rich seen the video Jack check
it out cuz check it out why your why yo
your why grade famous now not just Z
Andrew there's a music video for an
Andrew wks on Oh Andrew wks that's party
let's party we're going to a party and
we're gonna party he's he's awesome he's
known he's known for rocking out and his
deep deep lyrics they're all about
partying and having fun someone shot a
music video and in the music video
they're watching a movie with a group of
friends and it's feeding frenzy okay and
it's it's blanket and and Larry yes it's
for they'll link it in the chat it's
it's it's a party video it's about
partying and having a good time that
everybody that's that is everybody thank
you thank you all thank you everybody
so that I did idea I had
oh yeah the idea absolute best funniest
thing we've ever come up with what you can
